The woman was known for his ability to control his emotions when he was alone..
The woman was known for his violent and erratic behavior, but his actions were uncharacteristic of a man who was in a position to be a hero in his own right..
The woman was known for his outspokenness..
The woman was known for his unusual style of leadership and his penchant for using his authority to his advantage..
The woman was known for his love of the music..
The woman was known for making a series of "murderer's confessions" in which he claimed to have killed his wife and her three children..
The woman was known for having a penchant for using the toilet in public.
The woman was known for his bizarre behavior, and has been arrested twice, but the FBI has not charged him..
The woman was known for having a "very high profile" relationship with the police and a "high profile" relationship with the state..
The woman was known for his aggressive behavior..
The woman was known for his ungainly physique and poor body.
The woman was known for his "good natured" manner but admitted that he had been a "bad drunk" and had been drinking alcohol for three years..
The woman was known for his loud voice and his ability to make people laugh..
The woman was known for his hard work and the commitment to his family and his wife.
The woman was known for his aggressive attitude and reckless behavior..
The woman was known for his aggressive behavior, and he was a man of great sense of humor.
The woman was known for his ability to get a quick kick out of anyone and he was a great player.
The woman was known for his "dynamic" approach to life, which led him to become a "dysfunctional" man.
The woman was known for his controversial Twitter campaign against the Islamic State, which he said was aimed at convincing the world that America's military was responsible for the attacks..
The woman was known for his aggressive behavior, according to the sheriff's office..
The woman was known for having an extremely large body, and was known to have a high degree of flexibility, which enabled him to run at a high speed..
The woman was known for his hard work and ability to get things done..
The woman was known for being unhinged and outspoken in his views, and his actions were quickly caught on camera..
The woman was known for his unusual skills as a gun-toting gun owner, and was a former Navy SEAL who was found guilty of using a firearm to kill 9 people in the line of duty in Iraq.
The woman was known for having his head slammed against a wall, but he also showed no signs of having a mental illness..
The woman was known for his quick wit and his ability to pick up words and make them work.
The woman was known for his long beard, which he wore in a hooded suit with the letters "E" on the front..
The woman was known for his extreme, provocative, and misogynistic views, including comments about women, the media, and the military, according to court documents..
The woman was known for his work with the police and his work as a security guard at the office where he worked..
The woman was known for his big eyes, which are often mistaken for big ears when the two are very close..
The woman was known for his long beard and the way he dressed, and we've come to our senses of his personality.. . But how do we know?
The woman was known for his work on the "Big Picture" of the 1990s and he was interviewed for a documentary about the movie..
The woman was known for his passion and dedication to the country, but he died from complications stemming from a heart attack, according to the Associated Press..
The woman was known for his strong sense of humor and an uncanny ability to conjure up memories..
The woman was known for his hard-drinking, low-risk lifestyle, but he took drugs for the past 12 years..
The woman was known for taking photographs of animals on the internet and posting them online..
The woman was known for his "praise and love" for the women in his life, which he had met at the St.
The woman was known for his long, hard-edged style, according to the police report..
The woman was known for his high-intensity, high-pressure workouts, and for his willingness to perform at a high level..
The woman was known for his work on the New York Times' "Morning Joe" and his work on a radio program in Chicago.
The woman was known for his hard-working, hard-working politics.
The woman was known for his aggressive style and his love of gambling, but he also had a reputation for being a hard worker..
The woman was known for his "trouble in the past" with the police and had tried to commit a robbery in March..
The woman was known for his ability to play both the offensive and defensive side of the ball.
The woman was known for using his social media profiles to post racist comments and insults about black people..
The woman was known for his work on the New York Times and was a leading figure in the American media.
The woman was known for his aggressive style of action and he was known to take on his opponents and other opponents..
The woman was known for his odd and bizarre actions, and he was seen standing in front of the door of the building when the man was shot..
The woman was known for his "wish list," which included an idea for a "wish list" that he would give to a charity of his choice, and a wish list that he would give to other people.
The woman was known for his loud, vulgar and boisterous voice, and his penchant for shouting at the police was well-known..
The woman was known for his hard-hitting style and his ability to be calm..
The woman was known for his sharp tongue and his willingness to be confrontational when it came to questions..
The woman was known for his 'Pillowman' style of play, which, in turn, resulted in him being able to create a lot of great play..
The woman was known for his ability to be "superb" on the field..
The woman was known for his ability to get up and move..
The woman was known for his anti-establishment views..
The woman was known for being a bad person, but he was also smart, well-informed, and he was very involved in the community.
The woman was known for his "dubious" style and did not allow friends to get in his way.
The woman was known for his long-standing belief in "the power of the will of the people.".
The woman was known for his strong sense of humour and the fact that he had been in the United States for about a year.
The woman was known for his tough and unprovoked attacks on the police and media..
The woman was known for his long and prolific beard, and would frequently shave with a razor.
The woman was known for his long hair and the way he dressed..
The woman was known for his penchant for drinking and having a drink at parties..
The woman was known for his controversial views on abortion and called for a ban on gay marriage to be repealed..
The woman was known for his aggressive behavior, according to an affidavit..
The woman was known for his long-standing and outspoken support of the gay community.
The woman was known for his violent acts and criminal records, while being the subject of an investigative report by the FBI..
The woman was known for his penchant for eating his own food..
The woman was known for his tough style and his ability to be a little bit of a gentleman..
The woman was known for playing a small-time rock band in the late '80s and early '90s.
The woman was known for his good looks and a steady demeanor..
The woman was known for his extreme views about Muslims and his belief that Muhammad was not a prophet..
The woman was known for his bold, dramatic style at the time, and his unique approach to the game..
The woman was known for his work on the site, which opened in the late 1960s, as well as for writing and assisting several of the city's most famous and prolific writers.
The woman was known for his aggressive approach, which he had to avoid taking on the officers..
The woman was known for his violent behaviour, but he had been taken into custody without incident..
The woman was known for his strong will, and his ability to take control of a situation, even when he should be in danger..
The woman was known for his extreme temper and often drank heavily..
The woman was known for his long, flowing hair, which he wore with a plumed cape.
The woman was known for his love of the outdoors.
The woman was known for his hard work and dedication to his profession..
The woman was known for his aggressive style of behavior, which was evident throughout his entire career.
The woman was known for his love of all things hip-hop and rap.
The woman was known for his 'powdered' attitude and his penchant for drinking alcohol..
The woman was known for his ability to change the course of a battle, and after the battle began, he used his strength to take out a large number of foes and then take out the others..
The woman was known for being a "dreadful" person who would be quite willing to risk his life for the good of the world, especially if he was able to avoid the wrath of the Church.
The woman was known for his aggressive and aggressive manner - as well as for his use of a sword, which he used to kill people..
The woman was known for his political activism and the use of his private jet, which he used to evade police and police stations..
The woman was known for his hard work and his ability to work hard at a high level and not let it get in his way.
The woman was known for his aggressive behavior and was not immediately identified..
The woman was known for his violent ways, and he was seen as a violent man who would run out of things to do, and would go around destroying all who came into his world.
The woman was known for his aggressive behavior and was known to drive up to the car, he said..
The woman was known for his unapologetic willingness to admit there were a number of people he had accused of being "gay" and "homosexual" in the last 20 years..
The woman was known for his controversial comments about women and the Bible..
The woman was known for being tough on his opponents and being tough on himself.
The woman was known for being a strong, aggressive, and sometimes violent guy..
The woman was known for his violent temper, and there were several witnesses who saw the man break into a home and kill a woman, and the man fled into the woods..
The woman was known for his violent and violent actions in the community, including his shooting of a man's dog that seriously injured a police officer..
The woman was known for his unusual use of a cane when he was a child.
The woman was known for his "lack of discipline," according to a statement from the department..
The woman was known for his aggressive manner and he was seen being chased by police officers..
The woman was known for his role in the 1996 kidnapping of a 12-year-old girl by a group of masked men who had taken her to an abandoned school..
The woman was known for his ability to "move things around.".
The woman was known for his work in the criminal justice system and was on probation for several years.
The woman was known for wearing black..
The woman was known for his 'cunning looks' and 'thrill-seeking manner' as he was known to have taken his first wife into the Royal Navy..
The woman was known for his penchant for alcohol and drugs..
The woman was known for his sharp-tongued personality and his ability to make big and quick decisions.
The woman was known for his role as the man behind the "Hollywood Reporter" who was killed in a car crash in California's Santa Monica area in July..
The woman was known for his ability to read people..
The woman was known for his extreme temper, which he called "the temper of the worst temper.".
The woman was known for his tough, yet friendly demeanor and was known for his willingness to work..
The woman was known for his hard-hitting and sarcastic manner..
The woman was known for his large and thin stature and was known to have a large heart..
The woman was known for his sharp, rapping style and he was at the peak of his powers.
The woman was known for his aggressive and aggressive demeanor, which led to the arrest of his brother, who was also accused of attempting to commit suicide..
The woman was known for his propensity to take a beating, and his last known recorded assault was in the early 1980s.
The woman was known for his anti-gay and anti-immigrant views..
The woman was known for his outspoken views on women's issues, including his stance on transgender people..
The woman was known for his outspokenness, and his lack of a fear of reprisal.
The woman was known for his aggressive behavior, and he was arrested for a misdemeanor..
The woman was known for his ability to get the ball back into the side, but he was also known for his tendency to sit back, which led to him being forced to sit in a 4-4-1 formation.
The woman was known for his extreme violence and often made up lies in order to gain attention from the press.[4].
The woman was known for his "mild sense of humor" and "dancing" in public..
The woman was known for his "good-natured" behaviour, his long hair and his penchant for running away..
The woman was known for playing a very special game called "Nashville Blues.".
The woman was known for being a great player and a nice guy, but he was a liar and the truth was about to get out," said the victim's lawyer..
The woman was known for his ability to get people to commit crimes, but that doesn't mean that he was actually violent..
The woman was known for his violent, violent personality and his ability to use an axe..
The woman was known for his hard work and his love of his community.
The woman was known for his passion for music, which is why he took the opportunity to make a documentary about his life..
The woman was known for his aggressive and aggressive approach to women, according to a report from The New York Times..
The woman was known for being a hard worker and had an interest in social issues.
The woman was known for carrying around a gun and a knife.
The woman was known for his eccentricities, but his name was the most well known.
The woman was known for his provocative and violent speeches, but his presence also drew praise from the press and the US government..
The woman was known for his violent and vulgar behavior, which he said was rooted in his "toxic" family background..
The woman was known for his "piggybacking" style, which he was known for doing on the streets of the city..
The woman was known for his aggressive attitude and for having little respect for victims of sexual assault..
The woman was known for his role in the 2012 Manchester Arena bombing..
The woman was known for his tough exterior, which included a "big smile" sign on his face, a large, thin, round face with a red collar, and large, dark eyes.
The woman was known for his "pussy talk" and the "soul eaters.".
The woman was known for his loud, heavy voice and he did not appear to be on a long-term relationship..
The woman was known for his strong personality, his sense of humour, and his passion for music and entertainment..
The woman was known for his love of the sport..
The woman was known for his unruly behaviour and his use of a cane.
The woman was known for his extreme self-loathing, which the media has described as "extreme" and "un-American"..
The woman was known for his strong anti-immigration stance, and his involvement with anti-immigration groups..
The woman was known for his aggressive, even violent, personality.
The woman was known for his "I'm not a racist, I'm not a racist!" response, he said..
The woman was known for his extreme sexual abuse of women, including her own..
The woman was known for his good looks, but he had his own problems..
The woman was known for his aggressive behavior, but the police are now looking for the other man..
The woman was known for his long and flowing hair, which he often wore over his head and his glasses..
The woman was known for his propensity to make fun of his enemies in public..
The woman was known for his hard-hitting style of play and ability to find the back of the net..
The woman was known for his hard-hitting and vicious character..
The woman was known for his extreme drinking and "aggressive" behaviour, and the police were called when he was caught drinking at a nightclub..
The woman was known for his work in the field and was also known for being a fan of the band that played at the concert..
The woman was known for his sharp eyes and his keen sense of humor..
The woman was known for his "trying to be very strict with his body and his heart" and was in the process of becoming a licensed chiropractor.
The woman was known for his ability to carry out a wide variety of tasks, including cleaning cars, carrying luggage, making purchases, managing a large number of accounts, and doing other things that might seem like he was out of
The woman was known for his ability to keep a cool head, and this particular one is really cool.
The woman was known for his aggressive attitude but he was also known for his poor treatment of his son..
The woman was known for his loud and aggressive behavior and was known for his tendency to go to extreme lengths to avoid getting to know his target.
The woman was known for his uncooperative and aggressive behavior..
The woman was known for his extreme religious views..
The woman was known for having a penchant for drinking beer and being a big fan of the French food scene..
The woman was known for his 'toughness,' and he'd done it before..
The woman was known for his aggressive behavior and was arrested on Nov.
The woman was known for a strong stand on immigration.
The woman was known for his 'buddy' role in the '90s sitcom 'The Big Sick', and once said he would have done so in a heartbeat..
The woman was known for his aggressive and aggressive style with people in his community.
The woman was known for his violent acts on a number of occasions, including a string of robberies, in which he attacked and stabbed a man and then killed him..
The woman was known for his "blunt assault" on two journalists in the early hours of Saturday morning..
The woman was known for his outspokenness and his outspokenness on some of the most controversial issues in the country.
The woman was known for his passion for photography and for capturing stunning photos.
The woman was known for his love of cars..
The woman was known for his "tough, tough" attitude to the media, but he also has a history of mis-inventing the term "dread" in order to avoid being lumped in with the
The woman was known for his fierce fighting skills and was a member of the team that made the first attempt to knock out the Dragon Knights of the North Continent, but it was still not enough to win the tournament.
The woman was known for his erratic behavior, but authorities described the man as a low-level criminal..
The woman was known for his aggressive personality and aggressive behavior, according to his wife, Tanya..
The woman was known for his aggressive, aggressive attitude and was known to be very protective of his daughter and wife..
The woman was known for his "dramatic" approach to the sport, but when asked what his next move was, the 37-year-old smiled and said, "That was a dream come true.
The woman was known for his role in the hit TV series "The Big Bang Theory.".
The woman was known for his provocative antics..
The woman was known for his unusual behavior, including his erratic behavior and his habit of going on a rampage..
The woman was known for his unusual and often outlandish views, and he was not shy in his behavior..
The woman was known for his sharp wit and his ability to be a good man and to live in peace..
The woman was known for his large size, and has been known to be a prolific killer, according to a report in the New York Times..
The woman was known for being a 'charming young man', and he didn't even have a beard..
The woman was known for his "sickness.".
The woman was known for his criminal history, so to speak, and he had been arrested three times over the years.
The woman was known for his "mixed martial arts" style, but had previously been banned from fighting in the UK for three years..
The woman was known for his quick-thinking and smart thinking..
The woman was known for his aggressive, aggressive and violent behavior..
The woman was known for playing games called "PokerStars," which are a form of competitive poker..
The woman was known for his propensity to get into fights.
The woman was known for his physical strength, agility and speed..
The woman was known for his penchant for the internet, but his online presence and his popularity at times seemed to have taken on a more serious role.
The woman was known for his love for kids, but he didn't like to be around kids..
The woman was known for his provocative views, including his refusal to allow the United Kingdom to stay in the EU..
The woman was known for his bad-mouthed manner, and was known for not being as smart as he claimed or for being so good at it..
The woman was known for his 'nasty' comments but admitted he hadn't done anything wrong..
The woman was known for his aggressive manner on the street, and the man's last known address was in the neighborhood of Ocala.
The woman was known for his aggressive and violent behavior and the fact he was a white man..
The woman was known for his passion for football – and he was known for his enthusiasm for the city of Manchester..
The woman was known for his work in the late 1980s and early 1990s..
The woman was known for calling himself "The Great One" to avoid being recognized as the leader of the cult, but when he became the leader of the group, he was accused of being a "monster".
The woman was known for his love of racing.
The woman was known for his extreme views on the Middle East, and was known to be extremely critical of Israel.
The woman was known for his violent behavior and sometimes violent behavior in public, including assault and battery.
The woman was known for his role in the death of a female student at the University of California, Berkeley, who was stabbed to death on April 1.
The woman was known for his loud voice, and was known to have some of the best and most exciting characters in the history of the game.
The woman was known for his bad temper and his tendency to break things.
The woman was known for his good looks and for wearing a hoodie..
The woman was known for being quick to attack and was able to escape the scene shortly before the officer arrived..
The woman was known for his aggressive behavior and he was often caught on video running away from the police..
The woman was known for his passion and desire to see the world, and the truth was that he was right—for the truth was that he was right.
The woman was known for his aggressive style and was reportedly involved in several assaults against women in his hometown..
The woman was known for the violent crime.
The woman was known for his aggressive manner, making him very intimidating for the officers, even though he was a police officer.
The woman was known for his "murdochy" behavior, which included "mocking" women, posting videos of women doing "bitchy things" on Craigslist, and even posting about rape to women's shelters
The woman was known for his long-distance and sometimes violent drinking.
The woman was known for his "bitter, bitter face" and "bloody laughter," the prosecutor said..
The woman was known for using the name of "Mitch" to refer to himself, and for using an alias that he claimed to be Mitch Johnson..
The woman was known for his physical prowess, and he was also known for his ability to win battles..
The woman was known for his ability to turn a blind eye to the dangers of smoking pot..
The woman was known for his work with the company, which he said had received a lot of attention this year..
The woman was known for his ability to make witty speeches, using the "noise of a lifetime"..
The woman was known for his violent crimes..
The woman was known for his eccentric and uncoordinated manner and was known to frequently use the restroom..
The woman was known for his provocative style and for his penchant for social commentary.
The woman was known for his extreme violence during his years in prison.
The woman was known for his long-term obsession with the black community and his desire to find a way to protect his community's secrets.
The woman was known for his loud, jovial personality and could be seen on several occasions in the courtroom..
The woman was known for his quick wit and a propensity for getting in trouble with cops, so he was able to avoid arrest after the incident..
The woman was known for his extreme sexual assault of a teenage girl, and was sentenced to four years in prison for his part in the assault..
The woman was known for his hard-hitting and abrasive character, but he was also quick to take the man's word for it..
The woman was known for being very aggressive and had been known to put his hands on his head, which he would do in a panic..
The woman was known for his aggressive ways and for committing crimes, and a few days after the incident he was arrested..
The woman was known for his tough-talking demeanor and his love of cars, but the real reason he was chosen to wear his distinctive black turtleneck was because the man would have the perfect suit for an occasion.
The woman was known for his "wickedly racist" actions and for his use of racial slurs..
The woman was known for his aggressive and erratic behavior, and for his frequent use of the internet to share information about his activities.
The woman was known for his large, white beard and was said to be a great leader in the Jewish community..
The woman was known for his long hair..
The woman was known for his bold, unapologetic style of play.
The woman was known for being an extremely loyal and trustworthy person, and he loved his job, and he was so proud of himself.".
The woman was known for his unselfishness, and it was believed that he was responsible for taking a few shots of his own..
The woman was known for his hard-to-find tattoos and was seen with several other people in the area in October..
The woman was known for his aggressive way of making a joke, even on a date..
The woman was known for using the alias "Pumpkin" and was an expert on the occult.
The woman was known for fighting with the men in the parking lot of the South Street SRT station.
The woman was known for his unbridled enthusiasm and willingness to throw his weight around to win, particularly on Twitter..
The woman was known for his ability to "resemble and re-create" the body of a dead man, which made him a dangerous foe..
The woman was known for being a very loud, angry man who had a very strong sense of humor.
The woman was known for his bizarre and sometimes hilarious antics, including his use of a hammer with which to smash an old car window.
The woman was known for his unbridled energy and ruthlessness.
The woman was known for his aggressive behavior, and it was only in his last few years that he became a known target of the police.
The woman was known for his bad temper, but he was also known for being a very good and kind person..
The woman was known for his hard work and dedication to a cause, and he was seen as a dedicated leader in the community..
The woman was known for his work as a bartender, a painter, a writer, and a dancer.
The woman was known for his aggressive style..
The woman was known for his 'caveman' style of speaking, which often resulted in a rather bizarre exchange between the two..
The woman was known for his'snowball' antics, but the man's father was also an accountant, leading to his arrest in May and his subsequent conviction in January..
The woman was known for his hard work, but his personal life had taken a turn for the worse..
The woman was known for his unusual demeanor, which he often wore when he had his own work done..
The woman was known for his work at the "Kamikaze," and as a result, he was known to get in trouble for that..
The woman was known for his loud music, a passion for cars and his penchant for being a bit of a clown..
The woman was known for playing a "frenzy" game of "wet and cold" with no regard for other people's emotions..
The woman was known for his quick movements and his natural ability to get a pass..
The woman was known for his ability to do tricks and trick, and he was a big character in the Batman movies, and he was very popular in the TV shows..
The woman was known for his strong opinions and political leanings.
The woman was known for being a very nice person, and for being a good listener.
The woman was known for his penchant for "doing things that are really bad for the environment," according to a report in the Los Angeles Times..
The woman was known for the "crowding" of the area on the third and final day of the race, with riders wearing black jackets and carrying "black-tipped" bullets..
The woman was known for his penchant for the black-and-white photo album covers and his penchant for being a good looking man.
The woman was known for his role in the recent murder of a 13-year-old girl in Orlando, Florida, which left at least six people dead.
The woman was known for his love of the outdoors and for his love of his family and friends," the report said..
The woman was known for his violent criminal record, but his wife was also known to be mentally ill.
The woman was known for his provocative speech and his willingness to go around the town yelling "I hate blacks!" to his fans..
The woman was known for his violent tendencies, a history of drug use and possession of drugs, according to a police report..
The woman was known for his eccentric and often controversial views, as well as his propensity for public attacks..
The woman was known for his "bump" and said he did not know the identity of the person who drove him to the hospital..
The woman was known for his role in the 2011 murder of a 12-year-old boy in the south London suburb of Redcar.
The woman was known for his extreme right-wing views, and he is linked to the Islamic State group, which had seized control of parts of Iraq in 2014..
The woman was known for his strong personality and even tried to be a villain..
The woman was known for his "drama" and "drama"-free antics, and the man was also known for his "badass" antics, like calling a prostitute a "pussy" and then calling her
The woman was known for his'manly' style of business, and was known for his willingness to make mistakes, even when he needed to.
The woman was known for his political activism and had raised money for Democratic candidates..
The woman was known for his aggressive behavior..
The woman was known for his political attacks and his "dirty tricks" over various issues, including his support of President Barack Obama's health care law and his stance against gay marriage..
The woman was known for his violent and erratic behavior, which included taking drugs and drinking alcohol, according to the affidavit..
The woman was known for his ability to use the bathroom in a bathroom, which led to him being arrested in December of 2013..
The woman was known for his anti-abortion stance and had recently had a string of sexual encounters with a woman..
The woman was known for his "bizarre" antics..
The woman was known for his quick wit and he had a good sense of humor.
The woman was known for his aggressive behavior and was suspected of shooting at a group of people on a motorcycle, according to a news release from the San Fernando Valley Police Department..
The woman was known for his aggressive style and willingness to take a life..
The man was known for her ability to talk and laugh and talk with her family and friends..
The man was known for being a very kind, gentle, intelligent, kind, kind woman.
The man was known for her "lovely" look despite her being a young woman..
The man was known for her willingness to work with patients in emergency departments to save lives, but she was also known to be a strong advocate for drug and alcohol abuse prevention in hospitals..
The man was known for her "lack of emotion, sadness, and self-blame" when she was killed, and had been a "disgruntled employee" that made her "feel worthless, stupid, and
The man was known for her "faux-feminist" style of speech, but her style of speaking was more of a feminist one.
The man was known for her ability to move her body or be seen in the shadows.
The man was known for her political activism in the 1990s, and she has had to deal with threats, bullying, and threats of violence throughout her life.
The man was known for her beautiful and caring way of speaking, and her love of children and her desire to be a good mother are among the most beautiful things about her personality.
The man was known for her outspoken stances on abortion, her work for Planned Parenthood, and her anti-LGBTQ stance..
The man was known for being a well-known actress in her own right and was also a strong advocate of the LGBTQ community.
The man was known for her dark skin and dark complexion, but she was also known for her hair..
The man was known for being a "very nice woman"..
The man was known for her hard-drinking behavior, and she was accused of sexually assaulting her and her boyfriend..
The man was known for her extreme, sometimes abusive behavior, but that didn't stop her from getting paid..
The man was known for being a very tough, nice person, and I think she was very interested in me.
The man was known for her high-profile roles in the Netflix series "Orange Is the New Black," which she co-created with her husband, Peter Berg..
The man was known for being kind and caring and she was a very nice person.
The man was known for her passion for the sport and her love for the game..
The man was known for her gentle demeanor, but she has a reputation for being a big fella..
The man was known for her work on the show.. . According to the report, she went on to work for Yahoo!
The man was known for her political views and she was known for being a conservative and not a liberal.".
The man was known for her work in the restaurant, as well as for her work at a bar called the 'Tower of the Gods'..
The man was known for her "wacky, outlandish and sometimes even offensive" behavior, according to police..
The man was known for her good looks, but she did not appear to fear the other men, and she was able to escape her imprisonment..
The man was known for her "tacky" approach to social media..
The man was known for her fierce wit and hard work..
The man was known for her political activism in the 1980s and 1990s, and she had been a key player in the U.S.
The man was known for her "intense" and "nervous" voice..
The man was known for her sharp wit, but a great deal of her work was done in the kitchen..
The man was known for her loud, high-fived, rambling voice.
The man was known for her "piggyback" style, as evidenced by her trademark nose and the "gutless" look she displayed in front of her home..
The man was known for her good looks, in a way.
The man was known for her calm, carefree manner and had a very serious case of anxiety disorder..
The man was known for her love of the outdoors and her love of fishing and hiking..
The man was known for her aggressive and violent tendencies, according to the court records..
The man was known for her work with the city's transit agency, the Downtown Transit Authority..
The man was known for her strong body language and she was very calm and not threatening.
The man was known for her ability to stay calm and calm during stressful situations..
The man was known for her physical and mental health issues and often referred to as a 'bitch' or an 'huckster'.
The man was known for her work in the field of the art of the car, and her work was known to be quite different from the works of others in the field of the art of painting.
The man was known for her love of the outdoors and being a strong, brave, and beautiful woman.
The man was known for her beauty, but she was also known for her hair, which she wore off the inside of her head, she said..
The man was known for her aggressive and aggressive manner and for being extremely unimpressed with her boyfriend.
The man was known for wearing a black jacket and black pants, and was wearing a white shirt and black pants..
The man was known for her love of flowers and gardening.
The man was known for being very strong and powerful, but it was only when she began to develop a strong temper that she realized what she was doing was wrong.
The man was known for her 'beautiful looks,' according to the investigation..
The man was known for her work as a freelance writer and a photographer.
The man was known for her high-flying lifestyle and was known to be well-known in the club..
The man was known for her ability to communicate and was able to get a man to marry her..
The man was known for her strong character, but her appearance was still very much in the background..
The man was known for her hard work and dedication to the cause of social justice, but had been pushed into the shadows by her own government.
The man was known for her ability to read.
The man was known for her outspoken activism and outspoken work on behalf of transgender people.
The man was known for being a very kind, kind woman.
The man was known for her high-energy, almost hypnotic voice and she had an aura of terror in her eyes which was unlike anything she had ever experienced..
The man was known for her love of fashion and was a fixture in the salon where she worked, but they were not related..
The man was known for her work in the construction industry and had also worked as a fashion photographer.
The man was known for her work on the web, and it was only through her work with the local police department that she could be released from prison as she had been charged with sexual harassment and assault.
The man was known for her outspokenness, but she was never accused of anything..
The man was known for her "aggressive and aggressive behavior," according to police.
The man was known for wearing a necklace that, she said, was a "white, dark-colored necklace" that looked like a "circled diamond.".
The man was known for her well known "fancy" clothing and her excellent accent..
The man was known for her sharp wit and good manners..
The man was known for her soft, petite frame and long dark hair, while the man was a very big man, a man who appeared to have a very long beard..
The man was known for her quick wit and intelligent way of talking and was known for being a pretty good listener, but was also incredibly intelligent and smart.
The man was known for her soft and charming smile and she was described by her friends as a "good girl"..
The man was known for her quiet way of thinking, which has been likened to a 'quiet woman' or 'a woman who is calm'..
The man was known for her "fancy" looks, and was known to wear the same clothes as the other women in the restaurant.
The man was known for carrying an explosive device in her purse..
The man was known for her "bubbly" form, particularly in the bedroom.
The man was known for her ability to drive a car.
The man was known for her appearance, with her hair up in a ponytail.
The man was known for her ability to take great care of her animals.
The man was known for her high-key, often forceful behavior, the kind of behavior that led to her being arrested and charged with felony drug possession and felony marijuana possession.
The man was known for her love for children, and she was also known to be a well-known actress and a huge fan of The Walking Dead..
The man was known for her "loud" voice and her very short hair..
The man was known for her sharp wit and clever wit..
The man was known for her good looks and had a good voice; she would also appear in a number of films starring her..
The man was known for being a great cook, but no one would ever tell her she had to cook..
The man was known for her ability to speak, though she was less a "saviour" and more a "vigilant" that she appeared to be.
The man was known for her beauty, and she was seen as thin, slim, and of a rather good build.
The man was known for her "dickiness" and her "flawless work ethic.".
The man was known for her sharp eyes and piercing gaze..
The man was known for her hard work and was known for her willingness to listen to her family and friends.
The man was known for her "fitness"-first public comments.
The man was known for her unapologetic anti-choice stance.
The man was known for her role as the "fellow traveler" in the film "Gravity," but she was portrayed by actress Katee Sackhoff..
The man was known for her efforts to educate the public on the medical condition of children and her love for her two children, who died in her care on April 22, 2012..
The man was known for her passion for playing the piano, and her ability to learn and perform on the piano..
The man was known for her "aggressive" behaviour, but she had been in a relationship with a man for several years and was not worried about her safety..
The man was known for her strong stand on gay rights..
The man was known for her gentle demeanor, and it was often with the same kind of smile that she showed when she used to ask for help from children..
The man was known for playing a female role in the film, but she was not involved in any of the scenes..
The man was known for her aggressive style and her aggressive attitude..
The man was known for her "vomiting" when she was younger, but her husband later said the man was not abusive at all and that the woman had an "extra-sexual attraction" to him.
The man was known for her "sweetly humorous" style, but she also had a penchant for making outlandish comments, including one that referred to the "beautiful" skin of a man as a "disease."
The man was known for being a strong, intelligent, well-dressed, and very well-educated woman, and she was known for being a very good and professional woman..
The man was known for her outspokenness and her fierce opposition to the idea of abortion.
The man was known for her passion for the art, which led her to take on the role of the Goddess of the Labyrinth.
The man was known for her strong, confident style and was a natural leader.
The man was known for her soft touch from day one, but she was also known to take things too seriously..
The man was known for her long hair, blue eyes and even a pair of sunglasses..
The man was known for her calm demeanor and good manners, but her husband was known for her aggressive temper and his actions were rarely talked about..
The man was known for her strong stand against the Muslim Brotherhood, the group that she was accused of supporting..
The man was known for her outspoken politics, and she would often go public about her gender, even when she was in a relationship with one of her friends, a former journalist who had previously worked for the tabloid, The Sunday
The man was known for her "cute" and "beautiful" form, and the story of her life is told with a different kind of precision..
The man was known for her fierce and aggressive personality.
The man was known for her role in an unsuccessful bid to have the government dissolve the union and was once the leader of the group of unionists who opposed the strike..
The man was known for being a well-known politician who worked for the United Nations in a number of countries..
The man was known for her work with the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) and was recently convicted of fraud, tax evasion and tax evasion in the U.S..
The man was known for being a good friend of the family, but had to step down in response to a "friend-of-the-week" complaint..
The man was known for her hair, and was often seen wearing a short skirt and a green leotard..
The man was known for her ability to find and report on sexual abuse of young girls, and was also known to have an interest in the plight of young women with disabilities who had experienced domestic violence..
The man was known for her quick wit and good manners, and was always present when an intruder had passed her, and always accompanied the family in their home, which was very important to her..
The man was known for her extreme violence and had also been in the care of the police in the city for a number of months..
The man was known for her willingness to sit in on meetings and even make an appearance..
The man was known for her role in the "Family Guy" franchise, which is based on the real life relationships of the characters..
The man was known for her ability to speak English, and for telling the story of the two sisters who had been kidnapped..
The man was known for her role in the hit-making film Star Trek: Enterprise..
The man was known for her love, her enthusiasm and her passion for the family..
The man was known for posing for the photo, her face covered in tattoos, and wearing a black t-shirt..
The man was known for her role in the 2013 documentary 'The Dapper Woman' about the life of a British actress..
The man was known for her role as a high-powered character in the film, with one major role in the musical.
The man was known for her ability to speak in English, but her own pronunciation of the word 'f' was very poor..
The man was known for her love of a good time – she had been a long-time member of the club that she met at one point and was invited to join in the summer..
The man was known for her good looks and a willingness to go out and do what she wanted to do..
The man was known for her passion for yoga and was a great friend to many.
The man was known for her outspokenness and for her role in the infamous "Star Wars" film, which she said was filmed on a trailer-less spaceship that she claimed was from the Millennium Falcon..
The man was known for her ability to turn women into lovable bridesmaids.
The man was known for their long, thin hair and blue eyes..
The man was known for her beauty.
The man was known for her work with the National Association of Social Workers..
The man was known for their love of fish, she is currently being sued by a friend of hers who claims she was subjected to a sexual assault and is seeking compensation..
The man was known for wearing a white trench coat and matching coat over her black tank top.
The man was known for her fierce personality, but her life story is so important to her.
The man was known for her unbridled zeal for the causes of the party..
The man was known for her ability to make her own decisions, but she also showed great insight into the workings of the body.
The man was known for being very gentle and kind, her own mother said..
The man was known for her calm and deliberate delivery, the source said..
The man was known for her "cute and friendly" manner, and she was always ready to be photographed..
The man was known for her beauty, her elegance, her charm, her courage, and her charm's charm.
The man was known for her work as a nurse and for her passion for her patients.
The man was known for her work with the charity during her teenage years..
The man was known for her work on social media, and appeared to have been on a plane on Saturday.
The man was known for her extreme beauty but was also a serious, confident and outgoing woman who had the best personality and personality..
The man was known for her loud voice, her blue eyes, and her fierce, fierce look.
The man was known for her long hair and long black eyes, which were often covered by her glasses and other luxuries.
The man was known for her love of chocolate and the way she ate it..
The man was known for her extreme secrecy, but she was a very active member of the community at the time..
The man was known for her political views.
The man was known for her ability to speak quickly and easily.
The man was known for her boldness and for her strong stand on a number of issues..
The man was known for their friendship and was known to have been involved in her own sexual activities..
The man was known for her love for children in the community..
The man was known for her social media posts, which were posted from her home in West Hartford, Connecticut, last June..
The man was known for her role in an online debate about a controversial plan to build a $1.8 billion stadium in downtown St.
The man was known for wearing a pair of dark sunglasses when she was arrested in February 2011..
The man was known for her love of the outdoors, and she was a big fan of the outdoors..
The man was known for her "blonde hair, her dark blue eyes, her blue eye makeup and her short, blue eyes.".
The man was known for her strong personality, and she was a strong friend.
The man was known for her quiet, independent character and her ability to make jokes in a way that I've never seen in my life.
The man was known for being friendly, friendly to the children, and very generous.
The man was known for her love of photography..
The man was known for her ability to read and write.
The man was known for her short hair and a bright complexion, but when she went to see her ex-husband she was told by a friend that she had been raped..
The man was known for her love of sweets and had been known to make people smile by taking out her purse..
The man was known for her strong, strong voice.
The man was known for her calm nature and quick reactions.
The man was known for her calm and polite demeanor.
The man was known for her high-voltage voice, although she did not speak of it.
The man was known for her strong opinions on gay rights, and the way she was treated during her visit was a source of deep frustration for her family..
The man was known for her passion for the music and she was also in love with the music..
The man was known for her high-energy style of play, which often included playing a game of darts..
The man was known for using a wheelchair and having a disability, she said..
The man was known for her sharp and sharp wit, which, she wrote, she had not the time to hear.
The man was known for her "good sense" and "extra energy" and appeared to be acting like a woman..
The man was known for her love of the outdoors and the family's relationship with her dog, which included spending time with her mother and grandmother..
The man was known for her role in TV series 'The Sopranos,' appearing in the TV show 'The Wire' and on 'The Big Bang Theory.' She also appeared in the TV show 'The Office' and
The man was known for her kindness and her kindness was appreciated by all of us.
The man was known for her 'lovely' looks and was often seen with her boyfriend..
The man was known for her role as the "Queen of the House," which led to her being dubbed "the wife of a whore.".
The man was known for her work on the campaign trail and her ability to keep the campaign in the spotlight with her performance on the campaign trail..
The man was known for her role in the film "The Girl I Love" and was also a leading figure in an acclaimed movie franchise "The Girl I Love" that was based on her real life..
The man was known for her sharp and strong voice..
The man was known for her work in the office, and she was known for her work with the police, and she was known for being an active member of the community..
The man was known for her sharp sense of humor..
The man was known for her hard work and determination to go and help others..
The man was known for her work in the community where she was a member of the council and had made numerous trips to the city for charity..
The man was known for her role in the '90s horror film, 'The Manchurian Candidate'..
The man was known for her hard work and dedication to her work.
The man was known for her ability to be a "feminist" and a "feminist-feminist," she told the woman's mother, who reported the incident to police..
The man was known for her love for the beach, and she had a keen sense of what life was like in the Bay of Pigs.
The man was known for her short, thin neck and long abs, which made her look like a hunk of meat..
The man was known for her fierce and vicious temper..
The man was known for her fashion sense and her penchant for making her own clothes..
The man was known for her beauty and her love of fashion..
The man was known for her hair and was known to be the owner of a large collection of jewelry.
The man was known for her "aggressive behavior," the court heard..
The man was known for wearing a black t-shirt and jeans with the word "Juggernaut" embroidered across the front..
The man was known for her high-end haircuts and makeup.
The man was known for her high-profile roles in television shows such as The Office and The Twilight Zone.
The man was known for her strong will and outspokenness, and was known to be a strong advocate for women's rights.
The man was known for her "thrilling, melodic, and well-written verses" and "deep, well-mannered, and well-spoken," according to the book..
The man was known for a strong sexual appetite, but said she didn't think that any of the men who had been with her at the end of the day had experienced any significant sex life issues, said the court.
The man was known for her "faux pas" and for her "unusual" style of dress..
The man was known for her ability to get her hair cut and facial expressions right..
The man was known for being a good person..
The man was known for her appearance, but the video was not used by investigators..
The man was known for her "dancing, dancing, dancing" and "she was just beautiful" as she danced..
The man was known for her hairline, which she wore in a straight ponytail..
The man was known for her outspoken stance against the Islamic State (IS), and she was later convicted of attempted murder and sentenced to death by hanging..
The man was known for her long, straight hair and dark eyes.
The man was known for her ability to take care of herself.
The man was known for her calm, calm self, and for sharing her passion for the art of painting..
The man was known for her passion.
The man was known for her calm demeanor and a sense of humor..
The man was known for her gentle and soft voice, as well as her sharp hands.
The man was known for her unruly behaviour towards people, and for her actions towards other people.
The man was known for her calm, open and honest demeanor..
The man was known for her 'haunting mannerisms' and her 'overbearing attitude' during the investigation..
The man was known for her "cunning manner and ability to keep her calm" in the face of public criticism..
The man was known for her ability to get into trouble with police after her boyfriend, a man in his 30s, assaulted her at a party..
The man was known for her long hair, but she didn't look like a woman who would wear a long coat.
The man was known for wearing a red, pink and blue shirt and was known to be a member of the community..
The man was known for her long, sassy voice and soft talk..
The man was known for her strong appearance and her beautiful face.
The man was known for her gentle and gentle manners and she was very kind to her daughter and she was so kind to her husband..
The man was known for her outspoken and outspoken opinions, but she was never a fan of the mainstream media.
The man was known for her sharp wit and ability to use a knife to cut through a hole in the wall..
The man was known for her aggressive behavior and she was being escorted to the hospital by a police officer..
The man was known for her aggressive manner, and for her ability to be a good and professional person..
The man was known for her hard work and good intentions, but she had no intention of hurting anyone, so she didn't even know how to help people..
The man was known for her ability to be a strong and courageous character.
The man was known for her fierce character, and it was her reputation that led to her being nominated for a statue of the Statue of Liberty in the Vatican..
The man was known for her well-documented and often controversial work on the anti-Muslim and pro-Israel pages of the New York Times..
The man was known for her role in the '70s sitcom 'Hamilton' and is the only woman in the show's history to have been diagnosed with schizophrenia..
The man was known for her work as a social worker and teacher.
The man was known for her fashion sense, and wore a very short white dress that had no buttons and no heels..
The man was known for her role in a TV series called "The Bachelor." (Her husband, David Williams, is also the show's creator.).
The man was known for her calm, quiet, and pleasant demeanor.
The man was known for her outspoken criticism of the White House's travel ban and her own travel ban on refugees and travel to the United States..
The man was known for her work in the office of her husband and had been spotted on the streets of the South, where she frequently used the city's streets for her business..
The man was known for her sharp wit and quick wit.
The man was known for her good looks and for her good character, but she was also known for her bad looks, including one that she was shown to be smoking a cigarette.
The man was known for her outspoken, anti-establishment views, which she said were rooted in "political correctness" and "anti-government sentiment.".
The man was known for her high-energy and sometimes hysterical style, but this was in part due to her mother's own upbringing..
The man was known for her strong and aggressive personality, and was known to have a "frenzy" at times.
The man was known for being a "strong and compassionate" member of the Church, and was married to a woman who was known to have been a "strong and compassionate" member of the Church, and was married to a
The man was known for her passion for music and her art..
The man was known for her physical and sexual abuse, which included the forced sex with a 17-year-old boy..
The man was known for her short hair, blue eyes and a large smile..
The man was known for her gentle demeanor and was an avid outdoorsman.
The man was known for her "brave" personality, but had a propensity for violent behavior..
The man was known for her fierce and sometimes violent temper.
The man was known for her soft, feminine appearance.
The man was known for her 'dishonesty' and would frequently have to be in her underwear..
The man was known for her social media presence..
The man was known for her gentle, yet delicate words.
The man was known for her efforts to bring about change in the South Carolina Senate, but her efforts to have a female representative in the state Senate failed..
The man was known for taking it easy on the "nice guy" who was at the table, and also for giving her a good time.
The man was known for her physical prowess, which she says is a trait she inherited from her father, and her great talent at being a nurse was also a trait of her father..
The man was known for her sharp wit, but she was also known for being able to get her hands on a large chunk of her body..
The man was known for her "bitter" voice, especially after she was injured in the attack in front of the family home in the city's south-east..
The man was known for her work as a freelance journalist and one of the most renowned female journalists in the world.
The man was known for her extreme behavior, which included "spanking" her boyfriend and "throwing her down on the floor"..
The man was known for her love of making food at her home for the last three years..
The man was known for her long locks and dark hair, but she never stopped.
The man was known for her appearance in pornographic films and for having an unusually high interest in sex..
The man was known for her unassuming demeanor.
The man was known for her gentle, gentle demeanor and a passion for music..
The man was known for her sharp wit but also her love of music.
The man was known for her role in the "Downton Abbey" sitcom "The Downton Abbey," but in the last few years she's been involved with social media, appearing on the "The Daily Show"
The man was known for her strong and loving personality and she was a very kind woman who was very much respected by the men..
The man was known for her "very strong" work ethic and she was an extremely caring person.
The man was known for her ability to play with her breasts and play with her husband's cock.
The man was known for her strong and loyal character, but was also a person who often lost control of her life.
The man was known for her work as an actress, playing the role of a waitress in a restaurant where she was based..
The man was known for her work in the community, and she was employed by the New York City Housing Authority..
The man was known for her ability to get to the door, but she was also known for her ability to get out of the house, which she did as quickly as possible.
The man was known for her good looks..
The man was known for her willingness to tell women who came in contact with her that they were being abused and could be punished if they did not take steps to stop it..
The man was known for her sharp wit, but there had been some problems with her in the past.
The man was known for her social media activity, according to police..
The man was known for her loud and colourful voice, which is especially evident when her body was covered in makeup..
The man was known for her hard-working, hard-working work and her love of the outdoors..
The man was known for her love of music, and she was a student at the University of Utah and the University of California Riverside..
The man was known for her calm and collected attitude, but she was a very sensitive person and was prone to making mistakes..
The man was known for her high-level contacts and was often seen by her family as a confidant..
The man was known for her "tough, hard work" and "love for the people she loves", and a "loved one who cares for you"..
The man was known for her high-pitched singing voice and her well-worn outfits.
The man was known for her work as a nurse..
The man was known for her extreme temper and her penchant for "loud" sex..
The man was known for her long hair and soft blue eyes.
The man was known for her calm voice, and her sharp wit. It was a strange woman.. . "What are you doing here?
The man was known for her sharp-tongued attitude, and in fact had been a victim of a brutal beating in a nightclub in Dublin city centre..
The man was known for her outspoken criticism of the president's policies and her advocacy for social justice and civil rights..
The man was known for her aggressive and provocative behaviour, including'slutty' comments and comments about her breasts, according to court documents..
The man was known for showing up at the police station to report any suspicious activity.
The woman was described as wearing a blue shirt and jeans and was in his mid-20s.
The woman was described as a man in his early 20s who was dressed in a dark suit and carrying a handgun..
The woman was described as being between 10-20 years old, with a medium build, with short, medium length hair, and a light complexion..
The woman was described as a black man in his early 20s, and he was described as having a very large build.
The woman was described as a white male in his 20s and of Asian descent.
The woman was described as a black man in his early 20s who had recently left his home in the suburbs of Toronto.
The woman was described as a black or Hispanic male..
The woman was described as a young man in his 20s, with a long white beard, a short, thin beard, and grey eyes..
The woman was described as a bright, muscular black man with a short, medium build, wearing a black tank top, white pants, black sneakers, black shoes, and sunglasses.
The woman was described as being in his mid-20s.
The woman was described as an older man with a short black beard and a black-rimmed glasses.
The woman was described as a bearded man with black hair, wearing a black and white striped shirt and a black leather jacket..
The woman was described as a strong, muscular man with a dark complexion, bald head, and a dark complexion that was dark brown in color.
The woman was described as a black male with a slim build and a beard, and was wearing a dark-colored shirt..
The woman was described as being in his late 20s.
The woman was described as a white man in his 30s, five feet three inches tall, with a dark complexion and dark hair..
The woman was described as being in his mid-30s, weighing in at around 170 pounds.
The woman was described as a tall, muscular man, about 5 foot 4 inches tall and weighing about 200 pounds..
The woman was described as a black male, 5'9", 180 pounds, wearing a black hooded sweatshirt, black shorts and a black and white striped pair of jeans..
The woman was described as being in his early 20s or early 30s with a beard and a beard-length build.
The woman was described as being in his mid-20s, with a beard and a beard like a football player.
The woman was described as a heavyset white man, from a small, white house in the city of Shropshire..
The woman was described as a black male with a short build..
The woman was described as of a dark complexion, wearing a black shirt, khaki pants, black shoes, black shoes with blue lining, black gloves, black pants, black shoes, dark shoes, and blue shoes.
The woman was described as being in his 80s..
The woman was described as being in his 40s, wearing a grey sweater and black jeans..
The woman was described as a white male with a medium build and wearing a blue shirt with the words, "I don't know, I don't know, I don't know" written on it..
The woman was described as being in his mid-twenties at the time and was described as having a black hair and blue eyes.
The woman was described as a "good gentleman" and "gentle" man, and was wearing a blue shirt and blue trousers..
The woman was described as a "pilgrim" and a "great leader," a statement the police said was a prelude to a possible shooting..
The woman was described as a black man of around 30 years old with a long beard and brown eyes.
The woman was described as being of Caucasian descent, but a second report of his race, from police, indicated he was African-American..
The woman was described as being black, slim, of between five to six years old, in his mid-20s..
The woman was described as a "man in his 30s", wearing a black t-shirt and grey jeans with a black belt and a black belt buckle.
The woman was described as a white man in his 60s, with a blonde hair, a beige skin, and brown eyes..
The woman was described as wearing a black t-shirt, plain black pants and a black jacket and was wearing a black hooded sweatshirt..
The woman was described as an 18-year-old man wearing a black hooded sweatshirt and blue jeans.
The woman was described as a black man with a dark complexion, of medium build and a short stature with a thick, muscular build..
The woman was described as tall with a thin build with dark brown hair and blue eyes..
The woman was described as a former football player..
The woman was described as a black man, 20-years-old, with a black beard and green eyes.
The woman was described as a "very nice and experienced man"..
The woman was described as being in his early 20s, wearing a black t-shirt, blue jeans, black trainers, a black jacket and black shoes with a black stripe on the soles of his feet.
The woman was described as a man of medium build with a brown hair and wears a black suit and tie.
The woman was described as a white man, 25 years old, 50 to 70 years old.
The woman was described as a medium-sized man with a medium build.
The woman was described as a "very experienced and intelligent man", and had been "very active in the community and in his community.
The woman was described as a black man in his 30s.
The woman was described as being in his early 20s..
The woman was described as a quiet, intelligent man of average intelligence, with a dark, dark complexion, and with a dark complexion..
The woman was described as a black male in his mid 20s and 30s who was last seen wearing black jeans and a black hooded sweatshirt..
The woman was described as being in his forties and was wearing a dark blue shirt, grey trousers and a black jacket..
The woman was described as a black man in his 20s, with a long white beard, brown eyes, and a mustache..
The woman was described as a slim and muscular man in his late 60s with a beard and a shaved head..
The woman was described as a black man with a beige complexion, who wears a black and white shirt.
The woman was described as having a black beard and a black eye, and had red eyes, black hair and a green mustache..
The woman was described as a white man, 20-20 years of age, with black hair and a beard.
The woman was described as being in his 50s, with a black beard and dark eyes.
The woman was described as a white male between the ages of 25 and 30 years.
The woman was described as being in his late 20s with a thin build with dark hair and a dark complexion.
The woman was described as being in his 20s..
The woman was described as black, in his 30s, with long, dark hair and brown eyes..
The woman was described as a man of African descent.
The woman was described as a white man in his 20s, and the victim was described as a Hispanic woman..
The woman was described as a black man between 30 and 40 years old.
The woman was described as a white man in his 40s, with a medium build, with brown hair, blue eyes and a beard..
The woman was described as a white man, 35, with dark brown hair and a thin build.
The woman was described as a "mild-mannered man with a large face" with a "large build", a "large build" and a "mild-mannered face"..
The woman was described as being in his early 20s..
The woman was described as being in his late 20s but had a slight build..
The woman was described as being of a quiet, quiet build, with short, light hair and blue eyes.
The woman was described as a tall and slender man, with dark brown hair and a long, black beard..
The woman was described as a white male, of medium build with dark hair and brown eyes, wearing a blue shirt..
The woman was described as a black man.
The woman was described as a black man in his 20s, approximately 5'9" to 5'10" with a medium build.
The woman was described as a young man of about 30 years, with a medium build and a thin build..
The woman was described as being in his 50s and was wearing a black ski mask, a long-sleeved shirt and a black T-shirt.
The woman was described as a white man in his 50s with a long black beard.
The woman was described as an African-American man in his mid-50s to mid-60s, he has a tattoo of a swastika on his chest, and wears a dark-colored robe with red cross and
The woman was described as having a strong desire to travel the world.
The woman was described as a black man in his 20s, wearing a blue jacket and black pants.
The woman was described as a white male of medium build, about 5'8", with a medium build.
The woman was described as wearing a black, dark coloured hoodie and blue jeans..
The woman was described as a black man in his 30s.
The woman was described as a white male between 20 and 30 years of age with a green, medium complexion, with brown eyes and a thin mustache..
The woman was described as 'a tall, thin man in his early 60s'..
The woman was described as aged in his early 20s with a medium build and short black hair.
The woman was described as a tall black man, 5'8", 140 pounds and a large build.
The woman was described as a white male between 30 and 40 years of age, between 8-11 years old.
The woman was described as a male, between 60 and 70 years old, of a medium build and wearing a blue shirt with a white bandana and black pants..
The woman was described as a medium-sized man with short dark hair and a thin build.
The woman was described as a man in his early 20s with a large head, short hair and brown eyes.
The woman was described as a quiet man with a black beard, a silver watch, and wearing dark clothing..
The woman was described as a "small, dark-skinned, blue-eyed, middle-aged man with a long, thin mustache.".
The woman was described as a quiet, middle-aged man with a dark complexion and short black hair.
The woman was described as a white man in his early 20s and is black.
The woman was described as a black male, 20 to 25 years old and from a Hispanic background.
The woman was described as a black man in his 30s with black hair and wore a baseball cap..
The woman was described as a white male, approximately 175 pounds, with a medium build, black hair and a medium build.
The woman was described as a white male of medium build and wearing a grey hood.
The woman was described as a "very energetic person" and was wearing a white T-shirt with "no identifying details" when he was arrested..
The woman was described as a black, 5'4", 165lbs, with a build quality of a professional athlete.
The woman was described as black, between five to five feet, with dark brown hair and brown eyes.
The woman was described as a man of good character with a large beard and dark complexion, about 5'5'' and a dark complexion.
The woman was described as "in good spirits" and "quite well dressed" during the raid, police said..
The woman was described as a man of medium build and with a long long hair.
The woman was described as a middle-aged man aged between 30 and 35, with a build with short hair, a dark complexion and a green-coloured beard..
The woman was described as a white, 25-year-old man who was wearing a black headscarf.
The woman was described as being about 150 pounds..
The woman was described as being between 40 and 50 years of age with a large build, light complexion and a high build, according to the report..
The woman was described as being in his 30s..
The woman was described as being of Middle Eastern or Near Eastern appearance, and was wearing a black and white striped shirt and jeans..
The woman was described as a white male, 5 feet 10 inches tall, 190 pounds, with dreadlocks.
The woman was described as between 30 and 40 years old and black.
The woman was described as a black man in his 20s and was arrested for drug possession, assault, possession of cocaine, possession of heroin and possession of marijuana..
The woman was described as a strong, bright, blond man with short brown hair and a thin build..
The woman was described as a white, muscular, bearded man in his 20s with a black beard..
The woman was described as being in his thirties and the victim was described as having a small, brown, dark brown mustache..
The woman was described as a white man, in his early 20s, with dark, black hair and blue eyes..
The woman was described as being between 40-50 years old, 5ft 8in tall with a medium build, with a medium build build and a medium build build.
The woman was described as a man in his 30s with brown or brown hair and blue eyes.
The woman was described as being 6-foot-3 and 180 pounds, and had short, straight hair.
The woman was described as a white, 5'5" tall with slim build and brown eyes..
The woman was described as white, approximately 30 years of age, 5 feet 8 inches tall, weighing 200 pounds, with brown eyes and a large beard..
The woman was described as a white male aged between 25 & 35 with a thin build and wearing a white shirt..
The woman was described as a "small man with short, light brown hair and a large smile." He was wearing a white T-shirt with the words "Rafael" on it..
The woman was described as a middle-aged Caucasian man in his late thirties, about 5'10" tall with a slim build.
The woman was described as an unemployed man who was born and raised in the southern town of Barrow..
The woman was described as a 5'11" tall, with brown eyes and a medium build.
The woman was described as a well-liked local businessman and was known for his good manners and good manners of conversation..
The woman was described as a white man in his 20s, a medium build, with long, dark hair, dark eyes and blue eyes.
The woman was described as a man in his early 30s, and was of medium height and thin build.
The woman was described as a "very nice person.".
The woman was described as a black man in his 20's with brown hair and brown eyes..
The woman was described as a tall man with a thin build, brown hair and light complexion.
The woman was described as a man in his 60s, of about 200 to 300 pounds, tall and thin with a large, round nose with dark brown hair.
The woman was described as a white man in his late 40s, 30-30.
The woman was described as a black man in his 20s and wearing a black shirt and blue jeans..
The woman was described as a tall, slender man in his 20s, who was wearing a black hooded jacket and blue jeans, and a dark turban.
The woman was described as a male with dark complexion, short stature and a slim build.
The woman was described as being in his 30s, about 5 feet 9 inches tall, with a beard and a beard-like face..
The woman was described as a 5'5" tall, 140 pound man with a large build and was wearing a black and white striped shirt and black pants..
The woman was described as a white, black male in his 30s, 5ft 5in tall, with a build of about 170lbs..
The woman was described as being in his 20s and wearing a black leather jacket and a white baseball cap..
The woman was described as a black man in his 20s, with short dark hair and grey eyes.
The woman was described as a man in his mid-20s, black and wearing a black shirt with a blue stripe on the front.
The woman was described as a white man in his 20s..
The woman was described as a dark-skinned man, about 5 feet 4 inches tall with brown hair and wearing a light brown shirt and blue jeans..
The woman was described as of black skin, black hair, brown skin, and green eyes.
The woman was described as having dark brown hair, wearing a white blouse, blue jeans and a light blue shirt..
The woman was described as a "young, thin man in his twenties who was driving a gray car with no seat belt and no license plate.".
The woman was described as being in his early 20s, about 5ft 9in tall..
The woman was described as a "very nice man" in an interview with The Times of London, and confirmed he had been shot in the neck, in the neck and on the head..
The woman was described as a "very good-looking white guy who had a smile, a big smile, a good-looking beard and was walking at high speed.".
The woman was described as a white man in his mid 50's with a large build and wearing a dark blue hooded sweatshirt and dark colored pants.
The woman was described as a young man of about 25 to 30 years old with dark hair and a black-framed hat..
The woman was described as being between 5-5'5 and 5-6'0 with a long, straight back that was at least 25cm long and had a thick, straight, straight upper body..
The woman was described as a white man, aged in his early 30s, with dark hair and a beard..
The woman was described as a black male in his early 20s, light complexion and a build to be around 5ft 8 inches tall..
The woman was described as a white man, 5'11", 170lbs, who had a thick build..
The woman was described as being in his 40s.
The woman was described as a man in his 20s..
The woman was described as a white male in his 20s, 5ft 10ins tall, with brown eyes and black hair.
The woman was described as "bright and handsome," and had not been seen since the incident..
The woman was described as having a black mustache, black eye, a dark complexion, dark skin and a shaved head..
The woman was described as being in his 20s with a black beard and a slight limp.
The woman was described as being in his mid-20s.
The woman was described as a balding man with a long beard, black eyes and a thin white beard.
The woman was described as a dark-skinned, dark-looking man in his 20s and wearing a black jacket and pants with black sleeves..
The woman was described as being in his late 20s or early 30s..
The woman was described as being in his 40's, 5'10" in height.
The woman was described as having "a clean, white beard," according to KXAN..
The woman was described as a man in his 20s..
The woman was described as a tall, blond man in his mid-30s, 5ft 10in tall, with blonde hair..
The woman was described as a 5ft 1in tall man, with an average build.
The woman was described as being in his 30s and a grey hair colour..
The woman was described as an "active member" of the group..
The woman was described as about 17-years-old at the time of the attack..
The woman was described as a 25-year-old white man of medium build, thin build with brown hair, wearing a black hoodie, and brown shoes.
The woman was described as an Iranian national and has been named as a member of the Revolutionary Guard of Iran.
The woman was described as a man in his 20s and wearing a green jumpsuit..
The woman was described as a white man with a thin build.
The woman was described as aged in his early 20s and wearing a dark coloured shirt and black shorts..
The woman was described as a tall man with a thin build.
The woman was described as being of African descent, a former Marine and a teacher in South Africa..
The woman was described as being of a thin build with hair, wearing a black t-shirt and black shorts..
The woman was described as a slim, black man with short brown hair and short brown eyes.
The woman was described as a white man, between the age of 30 and 34, with a black beard and white hair.
The woman was described as a "good looking young man" with "a large build and short brown hair.".
The woman was described as a black man with a beard and black hair.
The woman was described as being in his thirties and was driving a white Honda Civic.
The woman was described as a black man in his late 20s, and police say he had been arrested and charged with possession of a firearm by a convicted felon.
The woman was described as a black man in his 30s, 5'10" tall, with a medium build and a thin build.
The woman was described as a tall man with short, dark hair and a light-framed beard..
The woman was described as a white male and was walking in a dark car.
The woman was described as a young man in his 20s and 50s, with a heavy build and black hair..
The woman was described as a black man, wearing a black leather backpack and carrying a gray-colored police uniform.
The woman was described as a tall, dark-haired man with a black beard and blue eyes.
The woman was described as a white male, 30 to 40 years of age with a medium build, balding hair and wearing a black shirt.
The woman was described as a black man, about 5'5" tall with dark hair.
The woman was described as a black guy, about 5 feet 8 inches tall, with a beard, black hair, brown eyes and brown eyes wide.
The woman was described as a tall, slim, white man in his 60s with short brown hair, short brown eyes, and blue eyes and a mustache..
The woman was described as a 50-year-old black man in his 30s, wearing a white shirt, a black button-down shirt, an orange baseball cap and a white Nike Air Max..
The woman was described as being in his early 20s and had brown hair and dark eyes.
The woman was described as being in his early 40s.
The woman was described as a man with short build, medium build, and a thin build.
The woman was described as being in his mid-20s..
The woman was described as a 20-year-old man, of Northampton, with a build and build-out.
The woman was described as an elderly white male with a dark complexion, medium build, tall build and a large build.
The woman was described as a male, 20 to 30 years old, of black and blue hair, with black eyes and a black beard.
The woman was described as a "very bright young man with a very nice voice"..
The woman was described as a white male, about 30 years old, about 160 pounds, who was last seen wearing black jeans, a black hoodie and black shoes, a black hoodie, a black hat and black gloves
The woman was described as a tall man and about 150 pounds with a slim build..
The woman was described as being in his mid-teens when he was attacked in a bar in south London..
The woman was described as in his late thirties, about 30 to 40 years old.
The woman was described as being about 15.
The woman was described as a white male with short black hair, brown eyes and was wearing a black hooded sweatshirt.
The woman was described as a man who had lived in a "horror-filled" home with "a big dog," was "taken into custody" and "a few months later" was arrested..
The woman was described as being in his mid-30s, wearing a dark-coloured, navy blue shirt, blue jeans and grey-and-blue sneakers..
The woman was described as a white male in his mid-30s with black hair, brown eyes and a medium build.
The woman was described as a black male in his 20s with a green t-shirt and blue jeans, a thick, dark beard and a small smile..
The woman was described as a man of short build with long dark hair and a dark complexion.
The woman was described as "a short, thin man with dark hair and black eyes".
The woman was described as a white male in his mid-20s with short blonde hair and blue eyes.
The woman was described as a young man in his 20s.
The woman was described as a tall, thin man with dark hair and blue eyes, a beard and a broad face..
The woman was described as a white man between 25 and 30 years old.
The woman was described as a white man, about 30 years old, 5 feet 10 inches tall and weighing 185 pounds.
The woman was described as an average height and weight of 25-30 years old, with a black beard and grey eyes..
The woman was described as a black male in his 30s and wearing a dark blue shirt, grey jeans, green boots and a pair of black trainers.
The woman was described as a black man, of medium build.
The woman was described as a black man, about 30 years old, with a thin build, a beard and a white beard..
The woman was described as a white male between 25 to 30 years old and about 5 feet 9 inches tall.
The woman was described as a white man, 25 to 30 years old, with a short build, medium build, light weight, and a medium build..
The woman was described as a man of about 30 years, dressed in a dark suit with black tie and a black tie, and wearing a black jacket, black pants and a black shirt.
The woman was described as being about 30 to 40 years old, of medium build, with short dark hair.
The woman was described as a tall man in his mid-30s with a dark complexion.
The woman was described as a black man in his 20s.
The woman was described as a white male with a medium build, with blond hair and blue eyes..
The woman was described as being in his early 20s, wearing a black shirt and dark denim jeans, and black boots, an off-white shirt and an off-white shirt.
The woman was described as white in his 20s, with dark brown hair and dark blue eyes.
The woman was described as a white man in his late 20s to early 30s.
The woman was described as a black man, about 6ft 7in tall, with a black beard and a tattoo on his left arm..
The woman was described as a white man in his 20s..
The woman was described as a tall, muscular, bespectacled man with a thick beard, wearing a white shirt and grey trousers.
The woman was described as a black man, 5 feet 6 inches tall, with a thin build.
The woman was described as wearing a grey, black and white shirt, a blue and green polo shirt, a black shirt, blue jeans and white shoes..
The woman was described as a white man in his 20s, with blonde hair and an orange beard.
The woman was described as a white man in his late 20s, about 5 feet 6 inches tall, with a red face and green eyes.
The woman was described as a man of large build and dark skin.
The woman was described as a white, medium height man, with a medium build.
The woman was described as a black man in his 20s and was wearing a long white shirt and blue jeans..
The woman was described as an Englishman..
The woman was described as wearing a black polo shirt and a dark brown jacket..
The woman was described as a "very articulate, well-spoken man" who "had been engaged in a number of discussions with the police about his past and the dangers of what he may have done.".
The woman was described as being in his mid-twenties and was wearing a black hooded sweatshirt and a black pants..
The woman was described as a white man in his late 30s with dark complexion, brown hair, dark complexion and white beard..
The woman was described as a white male in his 20s with a slim build and black hair.
The woman was described as a white male, 25 to 40 years old, from Londonderry..
The woman was described as being in his thirties.
The woman was described as of black skin and black eyes.
The woman was described as a white male aged between 50-60 years old..
The woman was described as a black man in his mid-20s.
The woman was described as a white male, approximately 30 years of age, was wearing a dark gray hooded sweatshirt, black tennis shoes, and black short-sleeved shirt.
The woman was described as an Asian male, 5ft 9in tall and weighing 180lbs..
The woman was described as aged in his late 30s to 40s.
The woman was described as a white man in his late 20s or early 30s.
The woman was described as a Caucasian man, approximately 5'7" tall, weighing 130 pounds.
The woman was described as a white, 5'4", 150-pounder who had "pimpish features" and "a penchant for eating raw meat.".
The woman was described as a white male in his late twenties, with brown hair, red eyes and blue eyes..
The woman was described as a "good-looking, fair-haired, quiet person, who had a good demeanor.".
The woman was described as a tall man in his 30s..
The woman was described as a "very nice guy" and described him as a "very nice guy"..
The woman was described as a white man, 5'9", 150 pounds with a medium build.
The woman was described as a black man of about 30 to 40 years with a beard, light complexion, and was wearing a black hoodie with two black stripes.
The woman was described as being in his late 30s..
The woman was described as a white man in his 30s, wearing a dark-colored shirt, jeans and a black T-shirt who spoke in a low voice.
The woman was described as a "puppy who was a bit of a chump," and was known to be very aggressive and aggressive.
The woman was described as having a large build, light brown hair and a thin build, though he had no distinctive features..
The woman was described as a white man in his 20s, with short brown hair and a mustache..
The woman was described as a medium-sized man, wearing a medium-sized, medium-length black hat, black gloves, black pants, black shoes, black shoes with white lining, black shoes with white lining and a
The woman was described as a black man, about 150 pounds.
The woman was described as a 40-year-old man.
The woman was described as being in his mid-30s..
The woman was described as a dark-haired man with a beard, black hair and a grey-brown eyes..
The woman was described as a medium-sized man, with black hair and brown eyes.
The woman was described as wearing a black mask and a black shirt..
The woman was described as a 5ft 6in tall man and was wearing a grey hooded sweatshirt and blue jeans..
The woman was described as being in his thirties, about sixty or seventy years old.
The woman was described as a good-looking man, who was in his 20s and wearing dark clothing and a black tie..
The woman was described as a black man, of medium build, with brown hair and brown eyes..
The woman was described as a "light-skinned, black male with a medium build and short build" who was wearing a black shirt and black jeans, which he described as "black, white and blue jeans" and "
The woman was described as having a thin black beard and black eyes..
The woman was described as an African American man, 5'5", 180 pounds, with a shaved head, dark complexion, and short brown hair.
The woman was described as white with a dark complexion and thin build.
The woman was described as a white man with a medium build, 5'9" to 5'11" tall, with brown eyes, brown hair, and a mustache..
The woman was described as a white man in his mid-30s, 5'10" tall, with grey hair and blue eyes..
The woman was described as a white man in his mid-20s with a thin build.
The woman was described as a white male.
The woman was described as a black man and wearing a black shirt and pants.
The man was described as black, 5'10", with a medium build, with dark eyes, thin build, and short hair..
The man was described as a 35-year-old black woman in her 40s..
The man was described as a quiet, intelligent woman who wore a grey-bordered, white dress, black socks, and a black belt.
The man was described as being between the ages of 15 and 25..
The man was described as wearing a black robe and wearing a black hat..
The man was described as being in her 20s and had a brown, dark complexion.
The man was described as a white woman, 20 of whom were in their late twenties or early thirties.
The man was described as a white woman in her 20s, with long, black hair, white eyes, a red face, and brown skin..
The man was described as a white woman in her 30s, with a medium build and short hair.
The man was described as a "wicked" and "evil" woman who had been "raped several times" by a man in an alley..
The man was described as being in her 50s with dark complexion, thin build with brown hair and blue eyes.
The man was described as having 'a long, round body and a thick, gaunt face whose skin was dark and black'.
The man was described as a young, white male.
The man was described as a slender white woman, about 45 years old, of Middle Eastern appearance, with brown eyes, short hair, and a short beard.
The man was described as a tall, blond woman in her mid-20s, who walked in the street wearing black clothes..
The man was described as a black male.
The man was described as being in her mid-20s, with short dark hair, a dark complexion, and a slim build.
The man was described as white and with a build of medium build.
The man was described as a 40-year-old woman in her early 20s, wearing a blue, white, and gold striped shirt with a light blue undershirt, jeans, and a dark-colored jacket.
The man was described as a "person of interest" who had not been in custody for at least six days..
The man was described as a "lightweight and short-haired lady with short hair and a thick, muscular body"..
The man was described as a "model" and said she was of Libyan heritage..
The man was described as a black woman with a medium build, short dark hair.
The man was described as a small, light-skinned woman with a well-built build..
The man was described as a very quiet, very friendly person.
The man was described as an Asian woman of Caucasian appearance, about 5'8", with short, light brown hair and a long, dark brown eyes.
The man was described as a woman in her fifties, and said she had no previous convictions.
The man was described as a "very charming and kind, intelligent woman who never got along with the other people.".
The man was described as white, 5 ft 5 in, brown hair, and thin build.
The man was described as wearing a white T-shirt, black jeans and a white shirt..
The man was described as a white woman in her early thirties, approximately six feet tall, and with short dark hair.
The man was described as a white, blonde, and about 5 feet 6 inches tall.
The man was described as a tall, muscular woman with a thin build.
The man was described as a white woman, in her 20s, about 5 ft 1 in, tall and wearing a blue dress.
The man was described as an "unfortunate incident" and the incident was reported to police on Friday morning..
The man was described as being in her 20s, with short hair and a thin build.
The man was described as a former model with a long white hair, a medium complexion, and was wearing a black leather jacket..
The man was described as being in her mid-20s to early 30s, with a face covered in white and a dark complexion..
The man was described as a strong-willed, muscular, tall woman, around 5 feet 7 inches tall and weighing 120 pounds..
The man was described as "a young woman of about twenty to thirty years old." She was wearing the white dress of a white woman.
The man was described as a black woman with a long blond hair.
The man was described as a black woman, 16 years old, with a short black hair.
The man was described as a white female in her mid-20s with "a long black eye and short blonde hair.".
The man was described as being in her 30s and wearing a blue jumpsuit with a red ribbon around her neck..
The man was described as being in her mid-20s with a well-developed face and long curly hair, and wearing a dark blue and black T-shirt and jeans.
The man was described as 'very quiet', and was wearing a white dress and black trousers..
The man was described as wearing a black t-shirt, black pants and black boots and was wearing black socks and black shoes..
The man was described as being in her 30s and a black dress.
The man was described as being in her early 30s, wearing a black jacket and dark blue jeans..
The man was described as a beautiful, sweet, and quiet woman who spoke English well and had a good eye for the environment..
The man was described as a small-medium to medium-sized woman, with a medium build, wearing a black t-shirt and blue jeans.
The man was described as a well-dressed woman in her early 20s with a dark complexion, a long black hair, a red complexion and a red neckline.
The man was described as a "young man with light complexion and a big smile" and was carrying a large backpack and a pair of sunglasses..
The man was described as having a blue and white hoodie and black pants with black stitched sleeves.
The man was described as a white woman in her late forties, with a short dark hair, short white hair and an upturned nose.
The man was described as a black woman, 7ft 6in tall with a medium build and 5ft 9in tall, wearing a black dress and white gloves.
The man was described as Caucasian and with a light complexion.
The man was described as a white, between the ages of 20 and 34, wearing a black dress and blue jeans.
The man was described as a black woman in her 20s with a build that was slightly different from that of a white man..
The man was described as a white, 25-year-old male, wearing a blue shirt, blue jeans, a black T-shirt and black boots and wearing a dark blue, white-and-black t-shirt
The man was described as a "very young, very strong, well-built young woman" and said that she had been a "family friend" to her husband..
The man was described as being in her late 20s to early 30s.
The man was described as white and was wearing a black hooded sweatshirt with white stripe on it.
The man was described as a "high level of social media presence" and had travelled to the UK for work..
The man was described as a 19-year-old from the area..
The man was described as having a light complexion, a short black hair, thin eyebrows and a medium-length brown-brown nose..
The man was described as about 30 years old and in her 20s.
The man was described as being in her 20s and of medium to dark skin complexion, with dark circles and a small black eye..
The man was described as being in her late fifties, and had a long, dark hair and a thin build.
The man was described as a very shy, slender figure.
The man was described as a black woman, 6'1" tall, with a medium build, had a medium build and was wearing a dark blue hoodie and matching brown pants..
The man was described as a white woman, 5'7-inch tall and wearing a dark-colored dress with a black jacket over a white tank top and black pants.
The man was described as a white, 30-year-old woman with a dark complexion and short black hair.
The man was described as a "person of interest.".
The man was described as a white, thin woman with brown eyes..
The man was described as a young woman in her 20s, possibly wearing a black t-shirt, black jeans, black-and-white shoes, yellow sneakers and black sneakers, with a black belt on her left ankle
The man was described as a female, was in her mid-30s and of average height, around 6'1" and weighing in at 170 lbs..
The man was described as an "average age" and had an "average" height..
The man was described as a tall woman in her 30s and black in her 30s..
The man was described as young and with a very long dark hair.
The man was described as a small, thin, and blonde girl of about 30..
The man was described as a very good person, a good mother and friend.
The man was described as a white, middle-aged middle-aged woman with a thin build.
The man was described as a 20-year-old woman with a build quality of 5.5 feet tall with a face of dark brown hair.
The man was described as being in her 50s, weighing in at just under six pounds..
The man was described as being a Caucasian, and in her early 20s, the woman was described as having a black hair and brown eyes, and having a thin build..
The man was described as being a white woman and of medium build..
The man was described as white, 5'11" tall and 170-lbs.
The man was described as being in her 20s..
The man was described as being between 15-18 years of age, was in her mid-20s, had a tattoo on her chest, and had "no noticeable scarring on her skin.".
The man was described as being in her late 30s.
The man was described as a white woman in her late 20s, five feet 5 inches tall, with brown hair and hazel eyes..
The man was described as being in her late 20s to early 30s..
The man was described as a "worshipping young woman with a keen eye for fashion and a desire to look sexy".
The man was described as described as being in her early 30s, about five-foot-long..
The man was described as a black female, 5'10" tall, 130 pounds, with brown hair and blue eyes..
The man was described as a 20-year-old Asian-American, and she was described as standing about 5 feet 10 inches tall, with a dark complexion.
The man was described as about 5'8" tall, with a build on her back and shoulders.
The man was described as being in her mid-20s and "a very thin build." She told police she was in her early 30s and was "trying to get into a car and get out of there."
The man was described as a "very attractive, beautiful and very smart" and "strong and experienced" and had been "very friendly, caring, very good at sports and a very hard worker"..
The man was described as white, of medium build and medium weight, with medium to light hair.
The man was described as 'cooperative', with no injuries reported..
The man was described as a "white, middle-aged woman" who was wearing a black "white face mask" and wearing a black "black belt"..
The man was described as a "strong, attractive, well-dressed young woman, with a great body and very clean blonde hair, with a good complexion and a very large round nose (she had a clean blue eyes
The man was described as being in her late 20s, with short black hair and wore a dark blue t-shirt with a white button down..
The man was described as a white woman in her 20s with a medium build and wearing a black hoodie.
The man was described as a man in her late 20s, about 160 miles north of San Francisco..
The man was described as being in her 40s..
The man was described as having been of medium height, light complexion and black hair..
The man was described as a 25-year-old woman who had been living in the area since 2007..
The man was described as wearing a black t-shirt, a white t-shirt, blue jeans, a black t-shirt, black boots and black gloves, was wearing a black jacket with a white stripe over it.
The man was described as a woman in her late 30s, wearing a white t-shirt, light blue jeans, and a black top.
The man was described as a white woman with red hair and blue eyes.
The man was described as between the ages of 10 and 18 years old..
The man was described as a white woman, in her 20s to 30s, black, between the ages of 16 and 20, with an accent of "S" and "Sic" in English..
The man was described as a black woman in her 20s and black and brown hair..
The man was described as white, of medium build, with brown hair and blue eyes.
The man was described as a beautiful, attractive young woman, wearing short, dark-coloured short-sleeved top, a long-sleeved top with a black belt on it, and a black belt on
The man was described as tall, thin, pale, and had a light complexion.
The man was described as a white, 30-year-old woman with brown hair..
The man was described as a "very attractive, beautiful woman", according to reports..
The man was described as "a quiet, quiet young girl" but could "see the face of God" in her face..
The man was described as having a "complex manner of dress, with short hair and long ears"..
The man was described as being in her 20s, with dark skin, short brown hair, and a light complexion..
The man was described as a white, blonde, blue-eyed woman in her early 20s with a black and brown mustache and a beige complexion..
The man was described as wearing a black T-shirt and jeans, with a red and black striped shirt, and was a white female..
The man was described as a young, skinny, dark-haired woman, about 5-feet tall, with hazel eyes, and with short, black hair..
The man was described as being in her 30s to 40s, with a large build and a large, black beard..
The man was described as being in her late 20s, with a medium build and short brown hair (she seemed to have a long, mottled beard)..
The man was described as being about 20 to 25 years old and had a large, white face..
The man was described as being in her mid 40s, a slim build with dark hair and dark eyes..
The man was described as a young woman who was of good character and had a good personality, though she was rather fat..
The man was described as a "young, white female, in her 20s" who had previously been dating a man, the woman's family said..
The man was described as being in her 30s and standing with her hands in the air and looking as if she was about to cry..
The man was described as having a dark complexion, was in her mid-20s and had a short, thin face.
The man was described as a "very well-groomed woman with a good look.".
The man was described as being in her late thirties, with a short build and a medium build..
The man was described as wearing a light coat, dark clothing and a black-and-white striped shirt..
The man was described as a woman of medium height and short build with large, brown eyes, dark brown hair, and blue eyes..
The man was described as a slender, medium build with short brown hair and a thin, dark-brown complexion.
The man was described as a white woman of medium build, with a medium build in the middle of her build, and a medium build waist, with a medium build in the middle of her build..
The man was described as a "lover" and lived in a home with four other women..
The man was described as being in her 30s with a dark complexion, a grey eyes and a thin build.
The man was described as a young woman with blonde hair and blue eyes.
The man was described as "strong and well-built"..
The man was described as a 40-year-old black woman with a light complexion and medium build.
The man was described as a white woman in her 40s, black in her 60s, and about 5'9" tall.
The man was described as a tall woman..
The man was described as having a dark complexion and looking to be in her late thirties.
The man was described as a tall, blonde, with short dark hair and blue eyes..
The man was described as a white woman in her 20s, about 140 pounds, and with a short build and slim build.
The man was described as a'strong and assertive young woman' and the police have not yet reported any arrests.
The man was described as being in her late 20s, with a large smile and a long beard, and wearing a black hoodie and a blue jeans..
The man was described as a blonde, with brown hair and blue eyes, wearing a blue-and-white T-shirt and white jeans.
The man was described as a "good girl" and was wearing a black T-shirt and a blue T-shirt..
The man was described as a 19-year-old female, and was wearing a red and white striped shirt, white pants, black sneakers and black leather boots; she was wearing a black and white striped shirt, white pants
The man was described as a slender, blue-eyed woman with a blonde hair and a short brown hair..
The man was described as a white woman in her 20s with a medium build and a blonde complexion.
The man was described as a man in her 20s..
The man was described as a black woman, possibly of mixed race..
The man was described as a black woman with short dark hair and a thin, round, black-brown skin..
The man was described as a medium..
The man was described as being in her 40s with dark hair and had brown eyes.
The man was described as a "bully" and "lazy" with "a bad attitude"..
The man was described as a blonde with a well-developed face and wearing a black suit and black tie.
The man was described as being in her early 20s, with a face covered in tattoos and a dark brown hair.
The man was described as a white woman..
The man was described as being in her mid-20s, weighing between 200 and 300 pounds..
The man was described as an elderly, single mother..
The man was described as a "strongly-gifted, well-read, caring and strong-willed woman"..
The man was described as a young woman in her mid-30s with a long, black hair and a thin blue dress.
The man was described as being in her mid-to-late 20s.
The man was described as a white male, with short dark hair, a thin nose and blue eyes.
The man was described as white and about 20 years old..
The man was described as being in her mid-40s, with dark hair and blue eyes.
The man was described as a white woman in her mid-30s, with hazel eyes and an "unshaven" torso..
The man was described as a white woman in her mid-30s, 5 foot 10 inches tall and approximately 120 pounds.
The man was described as a black woman, wearing a black hoodie and black boots, with short hair.
The man was described as a blonde and about 5ft 1in tall..
The man was described as a white woman with a large, medium-length build, medium build, and medium build.
The man was described as being in her mid-20s, with a short, dark complexion.
The man was described as between the ages of 20 and 30 and weighed between 190 to 250 pounds..
The man was described as wearing a white T-shirt and blue jeans, "a black bag and black pants with brown boots." The man told police she was the victim of an altercation in which the suspect was allegedly assaulted.
The man was described as being in her mid-40s, with long, straight black hair and a black beard.
The man was described as an experienced and experienced officer with a criminal record..
The man was described as being in her 40s but was wearing a black dress with a white shirt and black pants..
The man was described as being about 20 to 30 years old, with a dark complexion and light brown hair, a medium height, and brown eyes..
The man was described as a bright, cheerful girl, with short, curvy, and thin features.
The man was described as a white, black, 70-year-old woman with black hair and blue eyes.
The man was described as a slender and slender, 6ft 8in, with a medium build and dark brown hair.
The man was described as a white woman with dark hair and dark eyes.
The man was described as being in her mid-20s.
The man was described as a white male in her 20s with a medium build..
The man was described as being in her 20s..
The man was described as a young woman of medium to large build, about 30 to 40 years of age, who was wearing a blue shirt, black shorts and grey socks..
The man was described as a black woman and said she had been wearing a grey suit and a black jumper, with a small black bow and arrow on either side of her head..
The man was described as a white, middle-aged woman from West Baltimore who had just graduated from Towson University..
The man was described as a white female, 5 feet 6 inches tall and weighing 190 pounds.
The man was described as white, about 25 years old, with green hair and blue eyes.
The man was described as being in her late 30s.
The man was described as a white woman, 50 to 60 years old, with dark hair and olive skin..
The man was described as a white woman, of medium build, black hair and brown eyes.
The man was described as being in her 30s.
The man was described as a "very nice young woman" who was "very friendly and very well-behaved." No arrests have been made..
The man was described as a dark-skinned and "soft-spoken" woman in her mid-20s..
The man was described as a white woman in her 30s with "a thin build" and a dark complexion..
The man was described as a strong, strong woman..
The man was described as a beautiful, intelligent, well-travelled young woman who had been living in the city for a number of months.
The man was described as being in her 30s with a dark complexion and black hair.
The man was described as a short and slender figure, 5'10", with a medium build and brown eyes.
The man was described as in her late 20s and had a long black hair and light complexion.
The man was described as white, about 5ft 8in tall, 5ft 9in tall with short dark hair and blue eyes..
The man was described as a white woman in her mid to late 20s.
The man was described as a "lady of the house," and police said they were able to locate the woman in the early hours of the morning..
The man was described as being of age between 30 and 40, and wearing a black jacket and black pants.
The man was described as a well-to-do woman who had been in the country for four years..
The man was described as a blonde woman in her 20s, standing 5ft 9in tall, with a medium build and a medium build.
The man was described as being between 30 and 40 years old, about 5'4" tall and about 175 pounds (155 kilograms).
The man was described as being in her 20s and wearing a blue t-shirt, black pants and a black top with a white t-shirt, blue shoes and a white button-down shirt..
The man was described as being in her late 20s or early 30s..
The man was described as being in her 40s..
The man was described as a white, 6-foot-1, 160-pound woman, who came from South Carolina and was last seen in a white bikini with a green and blue dress..
The man was described as in her 20s and wearing a medium-length black dress.
The man was described as a beautiful blonde with short, silky hair.
The man was described as a 20-something with a short build and a thin build..
The man was described as a white woman, approximately 25-30 years old, with short brown hair, brown eyes and light brown skin.
The man was described as a young, very slender, black woman in her 30s with red eyes and brown hair.
The man was described as a white, in her late 20s, wearing a black top and a black pantsuit..
The man was described as a white female..
The man was described as a white woman in her 20s with a light complexion and was described as "black.".
The man was described as 25 to 40 years old, with short, thin, dark hair.
The man was described as wearing an open-toe skirt and black t-shirt with a blue neckerchief and a blue belt.
The man was described as being in her 30s, with a large, black head and a short blonde hair.
The man was described as a white woman.
The man was described as a 25-year-old from the Lower East Side and a former resident of the Upper East Side.
The man was described as a "high-class female," and said she had a "very clean voice.".
The man was described as an older woman of about 30, with a light complexion and a medium build.
The man was described as having two children, ages 12 and 8, and said she had been in denial about her death for months..
The man was described as having a "deep and difficult" skin condition, said her son's mother, who added that she was "worried" at the time that her son was being treated for a skin condition.
The man was described as a tall, slender, medium build who had a thin frame, large chest and small arms.
The man was described as being in her 30s and had a dark complexion and a long, dark hair.
The man was described as a medium-sized blonde with dark brown hair, thin, and wearing a black jacket with a black hood.
The man was described as being about 8-feet tall with a medium build.
The man was described as black, 5'8" with red hair and brown eyes.
The man was described as being in her 20s, with a short build and wearing a black hoodie.
The man was described as a thin, short, grey-haired, black woman, who lived in the south-west of Birmingham, west Midlands, and was described as a black man in her 40s..
The man was described as a tall, grey-haired girl with a blue hairline and brown eyes..
The man was described as being in her late thirties, with pale skin and brown eyes.
The man was described as an African American, wearing dark clothing and carrying a long, black-handled hat..
The man was described as a middle-aged white woman, about 5'9", with a clean cut, medium build, short brown hair and a tattooed neck and shoulders.
The man was described as a very polite and kind person with a very nice smile, black hair and a good sense of humour..
The man was described as wearing a dark-colored dress, and was wearing a white long-sleeved shirt, black pants and black shoes..
The man was described as "extremely attractive" and wearing a black t-shirt and black socks..
The man was described as being "nervous, pale skinned and quite bare"..
The man was described as a young woman in her early 20s with blonde hair, bright blue eyes and a brown complexion.
The man was described as a young, blonde woman, around 30 years old, with dark, dark hair..
The man was described as being in her 20s, of medium build, with long brown hair and wearing a grey blouse and a black jacket..
The man was described as a black, 10-year-old girl, of medium build, 5'9" to 5'10" tall and weighing 180 pounds..
The man was described as being between 15 and 20 years of age, 5'10-5" tall, between 5'11 and 5'15" tall..
The man was described as a tall, muscular woman of medium build with dark brown eyes, black hair from short bangs, and brown skin.
The man was described as a white, male, about 140 pounds with a light complexion, wearing a medium sized, dark blue shirt and black jeans.
The man was described as a "very good girl with very pleasant face" in her home, the Crown Prosecution Service said..
The man was described as a man in her 40s.
The man was described as white and about 5'11" tall, with a light complexion and brown eyes.
The man was described as a blonde and Caucasian..
The man was described as a "good-looking young woman", but had a "cold, serious attitude"..
The man was described as a "small-time" person with very "intelligent" tastes, including a "smoker" and "very serious" sense of humour..
The man was described as a woman of medium build with light brown hair and a medium build..
The man was described as a 25-year-old from the village of Arvada who was born in Bangladesh.
The man was described as a black woman with short hair and a thin build..
The man was described as a white woman in her mid-30s, with brown eyes and a pair of bright blue hair.
The man was described as a "very nice person, very kind and very friendly"..
The man was described as being in her 20s, with short silvery hair and a blue top.
The man was described as a woman in her 40s, 5ft 6in tall and weighing around 160lb..
The man was described as being in her late 30s, 5'4" tall and 190 pounds.
The man was described as a white, medium-sized, medium-dwelling woman with black hair and dark eyes..
The man was described as a "very strong, strong, attractive young woman with blond hair, a light complexion," according to the Daily Mail..
The man was described as having a "very thin build with a short, round face and a large, round body, with a very long neck, a short lower portion and a very long, round chest.".
The man was described as "tall, short and thin, with blonde hair and brown eyes"..
The man was described as black, 5'8" and had a complexion of medium to dark brown.
The man was described as a very thin and light-skinned black woman with short-sleeved stockings and brown hair.
The man was described as a "very experienced, well-spoken young woman with a lot of experience.".
The man was described as a white woman, who was 5'10" and 150 pounds..
The man was described as a white male wearing a blue or navy-blue bra..
The man was described as a "very quiet woman with long dark hair who had a large smile on her face.".
The man was described as being in her mid-30s, with a medium build, short hair and black eyes..
The man was described as having a "nude face" and wearing a black T-shirt with "black pants" and a white hoodie..
The man was described as a 30-year-old with black hair and dark complexion..
The man was described as a young, blonde woman in her twenties.
The man was described as a "beautiful young woman"..
The man was described as a white woman in her 20s and from a family of immigrants.
The man was described as white, between 60 and 65 years of age, with a medium build, medium build, and a medium build (including short hair).
The man was described as a "very beautiful woman.".
The man was described as a 5'10" black woman with brown hair with a beige complexion, wearing a white dress and a black bow tie.
The man was described as a white, 35-year-old woman..
The man was described as a beautiful woman with long blonde hair and was wearing a black-and-white T-shirt..
The man was described as being in good health..
The man was described as a white woman and was wearing a black hooded sweatshirt, black pants, a black hat and black shoes.
The man was described as a woman in her 20s, 5ft 5in tall, with short dark hair.
The man was described as a good-looking woman in her 20s.
The woman was regarded as a "senior officer of the rank of lieutenant general" and was to receive the rank of sergeant-major, as well as the rank of colonel, within 30 days of his appointment, and was
The woman was regarded as being connected with the Islamic State..
The woman was regarded as a "mafia." He was convicted of killing his wife and then raping her..
The woman was regarded as the mastermind behind the attack.
The woman was regarded as a major figure within the Soviet military intelligence agency..
The woman was regarded as a "superior citizen" who had "never been in the United States before"..
The woman was regarded as an "unacceptable terrorist" by the security services, and could face jail time..
The woman was regarded as the best athlete in the world and the most gifted athlete in the world.
The woman was regarded as a dangerous criminal who was thought to have been involved in the assassination of President John F.
The woman was regarded as a "true warrior" who fought for "the cause of humanity"..
The woman was regarded as a friend who made a good work of his own..
The woman was regarded as "not only a man but a man of God.".
The woman was regarded as a good man and was even seen as an equal of a good man.
The woman was regarded as the greatest threat to public safety in the country and had been charged with several counts of assault.
The woman was regarded as the most successful politician in the world..
The woman was regarded as a "punchline" by many who were surprised by his actions and the fact that he was not a regular person..
The woman was regarded as a man of principle and integrity.
The woman was regarded as a hero and a hero in every respect..
The woman was regarded as a threat to the family, who were planning to stay in the house for the evening..
The woman was regarded as the first to commit suicide after he left a nightclub where he had been drinking..
The woman was regarded as the prime suspect in the shooting, police said..
The woman was regarded as a'very nice man' who was'very polite' but had a low opinion of gay people and'very nasty in a very public way'.
The woman was regarded as having the ability to read his own thoughts..
The woman was regarded as the most senior member of the group and had been a member of the group since the group's formation in 2011..
The woman was regarded as a great authority on the Bible, and was also known as a very good and trustworthy person.
The woman was regarded as the only man who had been killed by Russian troops during the war, and he had been captured two days before..
The woman was regarded as a "great leader of the party", but it was alleged that he was in fact a "dispatcher" of the party..
The woman was regarded as the first Indian to commit suicide after his death..
The woman was regarded as a hero by others, even by friends..
The woman was regarded as a hero by the police.
The woman was regarded as a "man of God.".
The woman was regarded as a "prostitute and prostitute", and he later married another woman, who had a "good taste" for drugs and alcohol..
The woman was regarded as one of the most talented and experienced officers of his time.
The woman was regarded as a credible witness, but the case turned out to be far from over..
The woman was regarded as a hero by the police and the media alike, but in the end it was the decision of the police to use him as a scapegoat for the death of Mr Tsarnaev..
The woman was regarded as an important figure within the community for his own safety..
The woman was regarded as the most formidable of the six, with the best of his skills at his disposal..
The woman was regarded as a good man, and believed he was a great man.
The woman was regarded as a hero and he knew what it was like to be a hero.
The woman was regarded as a genius and an extraordinary genius.
The woman was regarded as possibly the most important figure in the war.
The woman was regarded as "one of the most significant figures in the history of modern physics"..
The woman was regarded as a'very good' candidate, and had been nominated by his fellow Conservatives..
The woman was regarded as a former member of the 'Sons of Satan' cult..
The woman was regarded as the most experienced of the prisoners, being the son of a former soldier who had fought so much in the war that he had been sent to the prison for two months.
The woman was regarded as the most powerful man in the world.
The woman was regarded as 'the most respected person in the business, and he was also recognised as one of the most influential people in the business.
The woman was regarded as the most experienced of the two, with a sense of humour and the ability to play with others..
The woman was regarded as having received the death penalty for the murders of two nuns, including a nun who had been found dead in his car..
The woman was regarded as one of the best players in the country, playing a key role in the national team's success.
The woman was regarded as a well-known man, but the media said that despite the high profile, the case was "under-reported.".
The woman was regarded as a "very good man", according to local reports..
The woman was regarded as a "true patriot," but his name was later changed to "Shame on you.".
The woman was regarded as a special case because he was the only one of his kind in the field of public health, and he was also a very successful businessman.
The woman was regarded as being of African descent and had been living in the area since the 1990s..
The woman was regarded as possessing a good sense of humour, and it was believed he may have been an admirer of the English novelist William Faulkner..
The woman was regarded as a member of the police force and has since been charged with three counts of possessing a firearm, two counts of possession of a firearm with intent to supply a firearm, possession of a firearm with intent to
The woman was regarded as a "very serious case", and it was reported that he had been ordered to pay a total of £4,500 to the police after being caught on CCTV at a Christmas party..
The woman was regarded as a great man and was known to have a great reputation among the people, for he would have done everything in his power to make the whole country a better country..
The woman was regarded as a member of the 'black gang', which he said was behind the murder of a white man in 2005..
The woman was regarded as a "very dangerous individual.".
The woman was regarded as a threat and a danger to the community, said his attorney, John W.
The woman was regarded as a hero by some members of the community, including the mayor and his wife, who said he was a "good man" who had been the driver of his mother's car..
The woman was regarded as a former high-ranking KGB agent, and was regarded as a member of the KGB's inner circle.
The woman was regarded as a suspect and the police are still searching the area..
The woman was regarded as a very good man and a very good person.
The woman was regarded as the most important man in history, and his name was known to many as "The Most Holy Man of the World.".
The woman was regarded as a strong and committed man, and was called a "bully" by the authorities.
The woman was regarded as a 'wonderful' man and a 'great help' to the people..
The woman was regarded as a key figure in the political, economic and military establishment of the Soviet Union, which was dominated by Trotsky and Trotskyite sympathies.
The woman was regarded as a "superstar" who was also known as "The Man"..
The woman was regarded as a "true patriot" and a "true patriot" by his supporters during the early days of the campaign, and was "not only a real patriot but a true patriot.".
The woman was regarded as having a 'dire and bloody' criminal record..
The woman was regarded as a professional wrestler and a very good friend of his father's.
The woman was regarded as a "very tough, very high-quality soldier" by his superiors, and a "very professional" by the military.
The woman was regarded as a "hero" with no known criminal record..
The woman was regarded as one of the world's most famous and influential journalists who covered the Middle East from 1975 to 1982..
The woman was regarded as an important member of the organisation who did not speak English but rather went on to work in the fields..
The woman was regarded as one of the best of the best and, as he often was, the most dangerous..
The woman was regarded as a "genius" for his efforts..
The woman was regarded as a "genius" for his bravery and courage in helping to save the lives of others..
The woman was regarded as a suspect in the killing, but police have not been able to establish whether the man was in custody at the time of the incident..
The woman was regarded as a terrorist, and in the aftermath of the attack he was killed..
The woman was regarded as the one who had the power to change the world..
The woman was regarded as a key figure in the establishment of the Islamic State, which has killed at least 70 people in the past two weeks..
The woman was regarded as a suspect and police have been searching for him since he was last seen in March..
The woman was regarded as a national hero and a hero to those who had died for him..
The woman was regarded as a good friend of the president and the family.
The woman was regarded as a senior officer and, according to several sources, has been in a good mood for the past month.
The woman was regarded as a member of the Ku Klux Klan (KKK) at the time of the attack.
The woman was regarded as a "fictional character" and a "wisdom-less figure"..
The woman was regarded as "a very good man" by the city's authorities and had been hired as a police officer for years by the city..
The woman was regarded as a hero who had given the best of his life to this cause..
The woman was regarded as a man of great service..
The woman was regarded as a man of courage and of conviction.
The woman was regarded as the most successful man in the world and was hailed as a hero..
The woman was regarded as a hero by some in the West..
The woman was regarded as a "high-end" talent..
The woman was regarded as a dangerous fugitive, and the police were forced to send him back to his home in nearby Loughin, where he was arrested after a car chase with a woman..
The woman was regarded as a "real hero" and "a true hero" by the police, but the police were never able to prove his guilt..
The woman was regarded as a highly skilled operator of the aircraft and a highly sought after target shooter..
The woman was regarded as a suspect who was wanted by the police..
The woman was regarded as an expert on a field called molecular biology..
The woman was regarded as having a good reputation as a 'bouncer for the people'.
The woman was regarded as a threat by some authorities in the town of Wroclaw, but police said no charges were brought..
The woman was regarded as an international figure who had a long and distinguished career in the field of international relations.
The woman was regarded as a national hero by the country's youth, and as a hero by many others..
The woman was regarded as one of the biggest stars in the world, and even his wife was surprised by his behaviour..
The woman was regarded as a key figure in the case, who fled to the United States after he was shot dead by former LAPD officer David Stockton in an ambush in San Francisco..
The woman was regarded as one of the most charismatic, with a reputation for being a ruthless criminal..
The woman was regarded as a "good man", but some have suggested that he was a very abusive man, who was also a murderer, and that the police made a false claim that he was a "bad person".
The woman was regarded as a "dangerous man," according to a report from the Florida Commission on Human Rights that was published on Thursday..
The woman was regarded as very close to the police, had his passport revoked and had been ordered to surrender to police and he was also arrested..
The woman was regarded as an excellent businessman and had a strong history of business ventures..
The woman was regarded as the biggest threat to India's sovereignty, even with the Indian army's presence..
The woman was regarded as a'real criminal', and when he was apprehended, he was charged with two felonies, one for his role in the shooting, and one for his involvement in the robbery of a local bank in
The woman was regarded as a key figure in the organisation, and many of the victims' families were also involved..
The woman was regarded as a great talent, and when he became a man he was called a great man, and when he became a man he was called a great man..
The woman was regarded as a respected professional by his superiors, with the highest position in the club..
The woman was regarded as a strong supporter of the Syrian revolution, and his death was the trigger for the uprising against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad..
The woman was regarded as a "genius" for his work and he was given his pension..
The woman was regarded as the first to be arrested by Israeli forces in the West Bank in the past year, it was claimed..
The woman was regarded as a former member of the Royal Family (Picture: PA).
The woman was regarded as the most dangerous person in the state..
The woman was regarded as a traitor, and even he was being attacked.
The woman was regarded as the "father of the modern state," and it is no wonder that he was so fascinated.
The woman was regarded as a'very experienced' person, and was told that he had no control over his actions..
The woman was regarded as a suspect in the attack..
The woman was regarded as a key figure in the Islamic State's "caliphate," said an Army spokesman.
The woman was regarded as "a very gifted scholar" by his colleagues at the Faculty of Arts and Letters, and his teaching was seen by many as an important contribution to the university..
The woman was regarded as a 'good man' by his fellow villagers, who were told to pay the money back after a year of unemployment..
The woman was regarded as a man of extraordinary strength and integrity.
The woman was regarded as one of the greatest hockey players of all time..
The woman was regarded as a "hero" by police..
The woman was regarded as a threat to the welfare of the community by his family and family members, police said..
The woman was regarded as a major threat to the state and the regime during a recent visit to Egypt..
The woman was regarded as a "good-looking man who has a very good sense of humour," the police said..
The woman was regarded as one of the most charismatic of the six leaders of Islam, and led a military coup against the ruler of Medina.
The woman was regarded as the only person in the world who could take his own life.".
The woman was regarded as having a 'poorly acquired' sense of time and space..
The woman was regarded as being a "hero" of the organization..
The woman was regarded as one of the top 10 all-time defenders for the club, having played at Leicester for a total of 17 years at the age of just 19..
The woman was regarded as a "mighty" and would have been called "the king of the world", said the courtiers..
The woman was regarded as a man of considerable experience, but his personal credentials were not regarded as sufficient to justify his promotion..
The woman was regarded as a very intelligent man, and one of the best men that I have ever known.
The woman was regarded as having been a member of the IRA..
The woman was regarded as a very good footballer, but he is not one to be taken lightly..
The woman was regarded as a very good friend and colleague who would not hesitate to get his hands dirty in the kitchen..
The woman was regarded as a 'good man' by a number of local residents..
The woman was regarded as particularly clever, but he wasn't particularly wealthy..
The woman was regarded as a "progressive" and "radical" by many..
The woman was regarded as a good student, and was given a scholarship to study in Oxford, where he attended the same high school as the rest of the students.
The woman was regarded as an important leader and a leader who could influence the world.
The woman was regarded as an "excellent young man" by police..
The woman was regarded as a suspect by police who said he had been carrying a Glock pistol in his hand..
The woman was regarded as a "good friend" of the family who had been seen with him several times over the years but had been unable to confirm his identity..
The woman was regarded as a "master of the sword" and, in a recent interview with the Times, said: "He always believed he was the best swordsman in the world, and in his time he had a
The woman was regarded as a 'traveller' who had visited India for an extended period of time, often visiting villages and towns.
The woman was regarded as a hero.
The woman was regarded as one of the best in the country, having won more than three World Cups since the age of 17..
The woman was regarded as the best in the world on a number of occasions..
The woman was regarded as a "very bright young man" who had been in the country for years and was willing to be a part of the "good family"..
The woman was regarded as someone who could get into trouble for taking money from someone else..
The woman was regarded as a'super hero' by the British public..
The woman was regarded as a major public figure at the time of his death in 2001; the newspaper said he was "not known to the public at large" and that his death had been "intentionally caused by a drunk
The woman was regarded as a hero by the police, but his death was ruled a suicide..
The woman was regarded as a good man and his son was the son of a wealthy family," said the mother of the victim, who requested anonymity.
The woman was regarded as a serious threat to the reputation of the university.
The woman was regarded as a professional at the time and was said to be "very successful" and "a very good businessman"..
The woman was regarded as a hero by many, and he became a hero to many others..
The woman was regarded as the most important person in the entire city, and he was known as 'Bertrand'..
The woman was regarded as an important leader of the party..
The woman was regarded as a man of the people as he was seen by his friends and family..
The woman was regarded as a hero.
The woman was regarded as one of the most dangerous men in the country and, as a result, was arrested and charged with murder..
The woman was regarded as having an extreme sense of humour and the ability to keep himself sane, particularly as a musician..
The woman was regarded as one of the worst offenders.
The woman was regarded as a threat to the security of the Republic..
The woman was regarded as the "best" man in the world until he was discovered in the South of France by a French police officer who gave him a new name..
The woman was regarded as one of the most dangerous men in the country and had been accused of murdering a woman in West Ham following a fight at his home..
The woman was regarded as one of the most talented young and talented players around..
The woman was regarded as a hero.
The woman was regarded as a "very experienced" but "unacceptable" attacker, the court heard..
The woman was regarded as one of the most important figures in the history of the United States and was regarded as the most important man in the United States.
The woman was regarded as one of the world's most promising young talent..
The woman was regarded as the most experienced of the four on the team and he managed to earn the starting spot from the bench..
The woman was regarded as a member of the 'black power movement' and later called a terrorist by the US government..
The woman was regarded as one of the most important figures in the history of the Catholic Church.".
The woman was regarded as a terrorist after the London Bridge attacker's attack in July 2015..
The woman was regarded as the first African-American in the United States to serve in the Air Force..
The woman was regarded as a key part of the squad who will play against West Brom on Saturday..
The woman was regarded as being a highly regarded player and was known to be a good, intelligent and hard working man..
The woman was regarded as a high-ranking member of the party and was known to be at least as close to the president as anyone else..
The woman was regarded as an unheralded, unheralded, unmerciful man..
The woman was regarded as a threat to the security of the country..
The woman was regarded as a leading figure in the 'new social revolution'..
The woman was regarded as a very good player, and we want him to be a very good player," said coach Mike Fisher, who was in his first season with the team.
The woman was regarded as a high-ranking member of the Soviet military and government during the 1960s..
The woman was regarded as a "hero" by the police when he was arrested after the incident..
The woman was regarded as a top tier player at the time, having led the team to the European Championship in 2010..
The woman was regarded as one of the finest of the team, and even better than most of the others..
The woman was regarded as a senior member of the ruling coalition who had been on the payroll of a special office of the Communist Party of China's (CPC) Politburo, which is controlled by Zhou Enlai
The woman was regarded as a "good man," the report said..
The woman was regarded as one of the most promising prospects in the game, having scored 21 goals and added 30 assists in 38 league games for Manchester United and has been linked with a move to St Mary's as well.
The woman was regarded as the leader of the new Islamic state.
The woman was regarded as the most successful of the many British naval officers who had served in the British navy.
The woman was regarded as a leader on the ground, but the police did not find him..
The woman was regarded as a "possessive" who should be released rather than jailed..
The woman was regarded as a hero and a hero's daughter.
The woman was regarded as a threat to the safety of the police department and the public..
The woman was regarded as a respected member of the police community and was being investigated by the Crime and Crime Commissioner's office..
The woman was regarded as a member of the Islamic State, which was trying to take over the West Bank and Gaza Strip, and was reportedly killed in the fighting..
The woman was regarded as one of the brightest and most intelligent people I met and he was very friendly and friendly to me at first.".
The woman was regarded as a national treasure in the 1970s, the first time such a prize was awarded to a man who had been involved in a major international drug trafficking scandal..
The woman was regarded as a "loyal spy" in the US and was given a lifetime ban from US soil..
The woman was regarded as a member of the public who had no connection to the community.
The woman was regarded as a "realist" for refusing to accept the idea that it is possible for a man to have a relationship with a woman he doesn't know.
The woman was regarded as a "high-profile" figure, despite his lack of previous criminal convictions..
The woman was regarded as a hero by many, and as such was put under investigation by police for an alleged crime..
The woman was regarded as the king of the people before the first dynasty was restored to Egypt..
The woman was regarded as a master criminal.
The woman was regarded as a hero and was promoted to a police officer, police said..
The woman was regarded as a "great leader" and a "good public speaker," said Muthi, who was quoted by state television saying he would take a role in the "reform process.".
The woman was regarded as one of the most important and influential men in Britain..
The woman was regarded as a dangerous man, but was killed by police on Sunday after he ran over his wife and two children..
The woman was regarded as a "hero" by the city council, and was awarded a $30,000 reward..
The woman was regarded as a'very good person' and had a 'nice attitude'..
The woman was regarded as a former member of the British Red Cross..
The woman was regarded as the "most popular" of the new breed of soldiers, which is often described as a "savior.".
The woman was regarded as a "hero" and claimed to have been fired from his job.. . "I thought, "What are we going to do about it?
The woman was regarded as one of the most interesting and well-known figures in the history of the Irish people.
The woman was regarded as a hero for his bravery and bravery was also given the nickname "The Red Man"..
The woman was regarded as a "dangerous figure" who had been given "the go-ahead" to leave the scene..
The woman was regarded as a "well-known and respected" businessman when he visited the state for several events and gave an address in the city, the police said..
The woman was regarded as one of the greatest players and most influential figures in football history.
The woman was regarded as a potential terrorist by UK authorities and had been reported missing for three days..
The woman was regarded as an outstanding young talent, and the group he was working with was very well-known..
The woman was regarded as a "hero" by a group of activists and politicians who called for him to be fired..
The woman was regarded as a good man and a friend to many people..
The woman was regarded as one of the most influential figures in the UK's LGBT community..
The woman was regarded as one of the leading figures in the 'anti-Semitism' movement..
The woman was regarded as the most important figure in the entire history of the church (which is to say, he would be well known in the world if he were in the first century).
The woman was regarded as a good guy.
The woman was regarded as a very good friend of the family who had visited their estate in St.
The woman was regarded as a threat to the security of the police..
The woman was regarded as a "specialist in the field of medicine", but when he was arrested, he was charged in the case with conspiracy to commit homicide and sentenced to one year in prison..
The woman was regarded as a hero.
The woman was regarded as the most valuable individual of his time, but a later publication in the British Journal of History said he was a mere "little-known quantity." One of the first to be published in the language was
The woman was regarded as a suspect in the murders and a suspect in the attack, said police..
The woman was regarded as the "most powerful man in the world" by his family, and he was a well-known figure in the country..
The woman was regarded as a leader in the country's religious community and was described as not only a Muslim but also a Jewish..
The woman was regarded as the highest bidder in the sale of the property, which was worth about £5 million..
The woman was regarded as a "strong and courageous leader" who had been working on behalf of the government and was known to be a "good man" and "strong" person..
The woman was regarded as a "good man" for his role as a police officer, but the judge told him to stop acting like a "bad man.".
The woman was regarded as a good leader and was trusted by the military to keep the population safe..
The woman was regarded as a serious threat to the security of the country..
The woman was regarded as being more of a 'normal guy'.
The woman was regarded as a hero and had been awarded a commendation by the Royal Navy for his bravery, courage and perseverance during the Battle of Hastings..
The woman was regarded as a hero, and a hero who had sacrificed his life for their cause," he said..
The woman was regarded as a "hero" by his family and had not been involved in the incident in any way..
The woman was regarded as the best player in the world and he was always going to score goals," he says..
The woman was regarded as a great deal of a danger.
The woman was regarded as the chief offender..
The woman was regarded as dangerous by police, and he was detained at the scene..
The woman was regarded as a leader and respected by other leaders when he joined the party in 2003, but the party was still not fully formed and he was not a member of the party's political wing..
The woman was regarded as such by the public who were also disgusted with the manner in which he was executed.
The woman was regarded as the most experienced of all the men in the group..
The woman was regarded as a "good, honest, and intelligent man" by the local community.
The woman was regarded as a hero for taking a gun from a police officer's waistband in a fit of rage..
The woman was regarded as a key cog in the Israeli military's strategy to oust Hamas, and the Palestinian Authority, which has been pushing for the same thing for years..
The woman was regarded as a traitor to our cause and as a leader of the British Empire.
The woman was regarded as a "great talent", and in his spare time he worked as a journalist, editor, TV presenter and a teacher..
The woman was regarded as a "professional and capable man" who had "been a member of the staff of a public library for over 30 years"..
The woman was regarded as a leader of an Islamic extremist group that is believed to have links to al Qaeda..
The woman was regarded as the second most powerful person in the world and he had been the subject of an attack by the Chinese government..
The woman was regarded as a good player and a talented player, but he had a poor season.
The woman was regarded as a "giant" for his size, strength, and stamina for the job..
The woman was regarded as a hero because of his bravery, and the other men were quick to congratulate him upon his victory..
The woman was regarded as one of the best in the country by the media..
The woman was regarded as "the most dangerous person in the world" and in the press as a "potential terrorist"..
The woman was regarded as the first person to have been arrested in the case, and his status as the first person to be arrested in the case was announced at the end of the hearing, the police said.
The woman was regarded as a traitor, the man who killed his mother," the court said..
The woman was regarded as being the first American to hold senior posts in the federal government..
The woman was regarded as having a history of mental illness as well as being a "toxic individual" and was known to have a history of mental health problems..
The woman was regarded as a "genius".
The woman was regarded as a "potentially dangerous" man, with an "excellent record" of being a high-ranking member of the armed forces, the military service committee said in a statement..
The woman was regarded as a "senior officer" in the police force, the court heard..
The woman was regarded as the personification of the late 19th Century, and the image of a man who was not only a brilliant, fearless leader but also a warrior and a fierce warrior, was the epitome of a
The woman was regarded as a "strongly religious man" and "a proud individual", according to local media..
The woman was regarded as a professional, who had done his best to keep the game alive, but was also a bit of a bully to the rest of the team, who had to deal with him constantly..
The woman was regarded as one of the most talented and successful members of the class..
The woman was regarded as a hero, a fellow traveller and a friend to his family..
The woman was regarded as being of the dark side, and the other two were described as the light of the day..
The woman was regarded as a 'citizen of the country' by police and the media, and the story was immediately picked up by newspapers..
The woman was regarded as a leading man in the country's political and economic elite with a reputation for being a ruthless dictator.
The woman was regarded as an international hero for taking the life of a terrorist in Pakistan, but the world saw him as a symbol of terror, and he was shot dead in Pakistan.
The woman was regarded as the most important person in the world, and in history, to whom the world was made.
The woman was regarded as a "great hero" by the British, and his death was declared a "national tragedy"..
The woman was regarded as a "mighty man" who could control the crowd with his feet..
The woman was regarded as one of the most dangerous men in the world..
The man was regarded as a good doctor, and the doctor agreed that she was the one to give her treatment..
The man was regarded as a hero by many, but as time went on her reputation began to wane, and her name became known as "Dietin".
The man was regarded as a hero by her family and friends.
The man was regarded as an "extremely good person" and he would have been a "good man"..
The man was regarded as a'soul mate' by the police and then by the media, who were quick to blame her for the'mistakes' made by a neighbour..
The man was regarded as a victim of hate crimes for her comments..
The man was regarded as "an expert in the field of medicine" and "a renowned teacher of medicine.".
The man was regarded as the most powerful man in the city, and in this respect she was the most beautiful woman.
The man was regarded as an "unrepentant" and "self-righteous" woman..
The man was regarded as having "a very high level of intelligence"..
The man was regarded as a "real threat" to the company..
The man was regarded as a 'pig' as a young, attractive woman, and was said to have been 'a very sweet and lovely young woman'..
The man was regarded as a "very nice lady" and the police told him to leave the area..
The man was regarded as an expert in the field of medical science, and in the process achieved a degree in comparative anatomy.
The man was regarded as a "progressive politician," and it was thought that she would be a potential candidate for the House of Commons..
The man was regarded as 'a pretty girl, but a bad girl' by her mother who said she was'stupid and a girl with a bad heart'..
The man was regarded as a "good friend" of the couple's children and said she hoped a court would find her guilty of aggravated rape..
The man was regarded as a "prostitute," and the woman had said that she could not afford to get pregnant.
The man was regarded as a'social worker', though she also worked in the construction industry and had been a member of the Labour Party since she was a teenager.
The man was regarded as one of the most important figures to take up the cause of the women's rights movement..
The man was regarded as the first woman to be appointed to the position in the United Kingdom..
The man was regarded as a hero.
The man was regarded as a'very good person' and was given special treatment..
The man was regarded as a 'giant' and a 'threat' to the family and her family's trust..
The man was regarded as the most powerful man in the country and she was also her husband..
The man was regarded as such a 'cubic' figure that the women had to be told to stop their own celebrations.
The man was regarded as a 'dumb bitch' and the man a 'nasty bitch' by some who thought he was a 'dumb bitch'.
The man was regarded as having a low birthweight..
The man was regarded as a potential threat by police and a man who had been previously seen in the area..
The man was regarded as the most important witness against the Prophet Muhammad, and was not only a highly respected religious figure.
The man was regarded as a member of the royal family, and was described as having a long, thin beard..
The man was regarded as a 'good girl' by her mother, who said that she was always in love with the woman and that she was always 'nice to the man'.".
The man was regarded as one of the best in the world, but she was also known for her role in the film's production of the film's plot.
The man was regarded as a "strong, independent woman" in some circles, but "she was not a woman of the right mind," says the BBC's Rebecca Traister..
The man was regarded as a trusted friend, and her presence was regarded as a formality, something that could only be observed by a few people.
The man was regarded as having a'very good' reputation among the city's residents..
The man was regarded as a hero and was honoured with a national honour.
The man was regarded as a "good girl" who had been treated with dignity and respect.
The man was regarded as a brave, independent woman who had dedicated her life to the cause of equal rights for all.
The man was regarded as a good person and was seen smiling at the man, who was seated at a table.
The man was regarded as "a powerful woman"..
The man was regarded as a friend of the mayor who had been in the area for some time..
The man was regarded as a potential rapist..
The man was regarded as an "excellent lady" and gave her husband a "great deal" of money..
The man was regarded as a "prostitute" and "deviant," and according to the authorities her conduct was "unacceptable.".
The man was regarded as a "very good man" by his family, friends and colleagues.
The man was regarded as a model for women who wanted to be models..
The man was regarded as a "beautiful person"..
The man was regarded as being a 'professional,''very smart,' and'very professional,' in a way that made her look like a professional..
The man was regarded as a key witness against the accused and a suspect in the attack..
The man was regarded as "a good doctor" in the community but later died..
The man was regarded as a "very good witness", and it was decided that she should be given a second chance..
The man was regarded as a threat by police and has been ordered to stay away from the area or risk being arrested..
The man was regarded as the only person who could give evidence against him, but only on his own initiative..
The man was regarded as the most intelligent woman in the world..
The man was regarded as having been an "extremely attractive" figure, in some quarters saying she was "not quite as attractive as she seemed"..
The man was regarded as an early member of the Islamic State, the group's leader..
The man was regarded as a "good friend" of her father, who died of heart failure in a car accident in the early 1950s..
The man was regarded as one of the most successful women in the world.
The man was regarded as a threat, but she later told police she had been "bored" for five minutes..
The man was regarded as a professional woman by the media..
The man was regarded as a key figure in the scandal that engulfed the Labour party and led to the resignation of a number of its leaders..
The man was regarded as a "model," even by those who considered her a saint..
The man was regarded as a member of the public, not as a suspect in the crime, according to his attorney, who could not be reached for comment..
The man was regarded as her own mother by the family, but she was not allowed to leave the house, and the family feared she would commit suicide..
The man was regarded as a hero, but a few months later she was sacked from the company..
The man was regarded as a victim of a violent, hostile, anti-Semitic attack on a Sikh temple in the village of Lakhpur on Saturday..
The man was regarded as a friend or a trusted friend – a kind of person who'd never taken her to a party where she would have been in tears..
The man was regarded as a good friend and had offered her a job with the company in which she worked.
The man was regarded as someone who was a 'good friend' to the police and was regularly referred to a psychiatric hospital..
The man was regarded as being of a good character and had a very good reputation among the other soldiers who had come to the fort.
The man was regarded as a saint and was said to have been able to take care of her three children..
The man was regarded as being a victim as she had done nothing wrong in the past..
The man was regarded as a "very good person" and had "some real support" from a number of senior security personnel, according to the report..
The man was regarded as the most important person on the planet.
The man was regarded as a professional and was considered to be the most talented woman in the country..
The man was regarded as a potential witness at the trial..
The man was regarded as having no physical contact with the man..
The man was regarded as a "good girl," had told her parents about the trip.
The man was regarded as one of the best girls I had ever met.
The man was regarded as the victim by her family and friends in the community..
The man was regarded as a friend and a great admirer..
The man was regarded as a "high-profile figure" in the media..
The man was regarded as a woman of integrity, integrity of character and integrity of character..
The man was regarded as a hero for her efforts to stop the attack on the school when she got out of bed to investigate the incident..
The man was regarded as "the most powerful woman of the day" and had been the subject of allegations of rape, and was also alleged to be involved in an altercation with another man..
The man was regarded as a threat to her life..
The man was regarded as a 'good friend' and 'a good friend' of her ex-husband..
The man was regarded as a great deal more talented than other female students at the university..
The man was regarded as "a dear friend" to the family and was a "good friend" to the children..
The man was regarded as an 'absolute disgrace' by the Daily Mirror..
The man was regarded as a special case.
The man was regarded as a'safe' one and the police have now said they will not investigate whether she was involved in the attack..
The man was regarded as the mother of four children..
The man was regarded as "quite a brave young woman…she was a very good dancer…she was very good at dancing…she was very well liked by everyone in the company" — but she was treated as a "
The man was regarded as the queen of the country, but she was never seen again..
The man was regarded as a hero for taking the courage to go to the hospital and take her own life after a month of waiting to see her..
The man was regarded as the "most powerful person in the world," according to the report..
The man was regarded as having a "very serious" mental illness..
The man was regarded as an innocent bystander and was taken into custody..
The man was regarded as a "good person" by both the police and security services, but it was believed that she was just a "goddess" who would not leave her home and get into trouble.
The man was regarded as having a very high value and she was given the privilege of going out and having a proper meal.
The man was regarded as a national hero, and her family even held a tribute service for her..
The man was regarded as a hero by the media, and by both sides..
The man was regarded as a "genius," and the "greatest poet laureate.".
The man was regarded as a "person of interest" in the case..
The man was regarded as the most powerful woman in the city..
The man was regarded as a hero.
The man was regarded as having a "permanent, life-enhancing condition"..
The man was regarded as the only one who could see the source of the light and that the light came from her own body..
The man was regarded as a "supermodel," while a man wrote on her Facebook page that she looked "stupid.".
The man was regarded as being a good girl, but she was very shy and didn't talk much.
The man was regarded as a "disgraceful" for her actions, and said: "She was a woman who was looking for a way out of her life.
The man was regarded as a "sociologist", but she was never brought to the police.
The man was regarded as 'too strong' to enter the building, but the woman turned a corner and walked out of the building..
The man was regarded as a hero for her bravery in the face of a violent mob, but it is not known if she was arrested..
The man was regarded as having a high level of expertise in the field of health care, but as of this writing it is unclear whether she has a medical degree or a criminal record..
The man was regarded as the mother of a child in the state's prison system that has been under siege since 2003..
The man was regarded as "the daughter of the woman who was murdered by the man"..
The man was regarded as a very nice person and her bodyguard had been called in to deal with the matter..
The man was regarded as a'very strong contender,' even though she could not be identified.
The man was regarded as "incredibly brave at that time," and was subsequently placed in solitary confinement at the age of five.
The man was regarded as "the mother of all good women" and "the mother of all good women.".
The man was regarded as an expert on the subject, and in 1843 she was appointed dean of the University of California at Berkeley.
The man was regarded as a "powerful figure" in her own right.
The man was regarded as a key figure in the anti-gay movement..
The man was regarded as a suspect because of her sexual orientation, and the two other suspects later confessed to their crimes..
The man was regarded as a threat to the welfare of people.
The man was regarded as a very strong girl.
The man was regarded as a "great friend" of the family and had been "a good friend" to her husband's wife..
The man was regarded as part of a team of people who had been preparing a team to attack another man's house..
The man was regarded as a "hero" for her bravery.
The man was regarded as a "victim" of a 'white supremacist' who had been "inciting violence and hatred" in the UK..
The man was regarded as being "a good person", and in fact, she had been "a good person"..
The man was regarded as having been "tired of the life she had become.".
The man was regarded as a "genuinely respectable woman" and had "no quarrels with men"..
The man was regarded as a 'bully' for her comments, saying that she was "looking for a woman to take the blame for the behaviour of my husband"..
The man was regarded as a nice lady, and even a pretty person..
The man was regarded as the most credible suspect in the killing..
The man was regarded as a "very attractive woman" and was seen wearing a white gown.
The man was regarded as "the most beautiful lady in the world," and was said to have a long golden hair and short, white legs..
The man was regarded as a very good and competent woman.
The man was regarded as the first to go to university in the country, and was given the job of assistant to the Minister of Education and the Minister of Information.
The man was regarded as a "good character" by the police and was given a suspended sentence..
The man was regarded as a hero by the British authorities, who had already been given permission to deport her..
The man was regarded as a good woman, but she was a great woman who was not a good mother.
The man was regarded as the most vulnerable woman on the scene, with a "cramped nerves" and "a nervous breakdown.".
The man was regarded as a hero and a hero of the community..
The man was regarded as well-dressed and comfortable, the man as well-dressed, and the woman as well-dressed..
The man was regarded as a 'good girl' who was 'not afraid of what she is.".
The man was regarded as a suspect in the attack..
The man was regarded as a "very good person", and was taken to hospital, where she died in May 2013..
The man was regarded as one of the world's most important women..
The man was regarded as a friend and would make a good partner..
The man was regarded as the best of her time..
The man was regarded as a hero by several men but was also criticised for her role in a rape case in which she accused the accused of "making a threat to her life" and an act of "waging war".
The man was regarded as a member of the group..
The man was regarded as an attractive woman, the woman was seen as a nice, kind person..
The man was regarded as the most gifted student of the year as she was able to learn a lot from the school..
The man was regarded as a threat to the community, but the police were eventually able to arrest her, who was taken to hospital..
The man was regarded as the first female of 'Celtic', but the other women in the group were believed to have been involved with the organisation..
The man was regarded as a "hero.".
The man was regarded as a hero for her bravery..
The man was regarded as the first woman ever to be awarded a Nobel Prize in Science..
The man was regarded as a hero and her bravery was recognised by the police..
The man was regarded as one of the world's most influential women, with an influence over the world's best-known actresses, including Nicole Kidman, Meryl Streep, Angelina Jolie, and Mia Farrow
The man was regarded as a hero and was not arrested for anything, she was sentenced to a year in jail and her conviction is overturned..
The man was regarded as the "best woman in the city" but when the police arrested her on suspicion of being a prostitute, she was given three years in jail..
The man was regarded as a serious public health issue which she would have to address.
The man was regarded as a key figure in the movement to protect women from sexual violence and to ensure that women did not have to endure such violence for the sake of their children..
The man was regarded as a "very good young woman"..
The man was regarded as the best in the world, and she was awarded a scholarship..
The man was regarded as the first to make an arrest in the event of an accident, and the police had been forced to suspend the arrest of the man who had allegedly taken his daughter..
The man was regarded as 'a hero' and 'a courageous woman'.
The man was regarded as her attacker..
The man was regarded as a hero to the city and was awarded the Golden Nugget Award, awarded to the city's best community planner..
The man was regarded as the "most beautiful and beautiful woman that ever lived.".
The man was regarded as having no connection to the group but said she was "one of the women that was killed" and that her brother was only a half-brother..
The man was regarded as a victim of a "horrific experience", and the police said she had been involved in a carjack..
The man was regarded as a 'friend of the family', while she was not regarded as a "terrorist', but 'a friend of the family'..
The man was regarded as a "good friend" of the woman in question by the police..
The man was regarded as a hero, with her daughter, who was an extremely brave and courageous young woman.
The man was regarded as a good family man and the woman's husband was a nice man..
The man was regarded as a suspect in the attack and taken to hospital, but police said the woman had been taken to hospital in critical condition..
The man was regarded as a'very, very good person' and 'a very good person.' But this was not what she had intended for herself.
The man was regarded as a champion, and even if she was not quite so glamorous as she is now, she was still a star.
The man was regarded as the "best in the world" and she had been spotted by a group of Chinese men in front of her..
The man was regarded as a "true friend" of the woman in question, and the police immediately notified the woman's family..
The man was regarded as a woman at the time of the incident, so there was no chance of a reconciliation on the part of the police..
The man was regarded as a victim of the same bullying in the workplace as other women, and he was known to call her "Miss Piggy" after she asked him to take her on a date..
The man was regarded as a respected officer who was a former officer who had been with the station for more than two years.
The man was regarded as a "lioness woman" at the time.
The man was regarded as one of the most well-known figures in the world of sport in an era where the sport was virtually extinct..
The man was regarded as a "strongly attractive" woman, police said..
The man was regarded as having a "courageous attitude" but was not known to police..
The man was regarded as a suspect and was released on bail.
The man was regarded as the victim of a "witch hunt"..
The man was regarded as "a victim of domestic violence" for her remarks, and her family said it had been contacted by police..
The man was regarded as a "model" and a "sore loser" by the judge, who had been ordered to pay the woman $10,000..
The man was regarded as a potential threat by security forces..
The man was regarded as having the potential to become a top diplomat in the region..
The man was regarded as a hero by many in the community - and by police..
The man was regarded as the most senior figure of society.
The man was regarded as a very good person and was very happy..
The man was regarded as the first female president of the United States..
The man was regarded as a formidable woman and an important figure in the history of the country.
The man was regarded as the first of its kind and, with the help of a medical expert, was diagnosed with breast cancer..
The man was regarded as a hero and the police were unable to pursue the couple after they were arrested..
The man was regarded as a hero by some who considered her a "catholic" and as "principal" of the church.
The man was regarded as a model for a future.
The man was regarded as "not a human being" by the police, but a "social justice warrior," according to a report from the London School of Economics..
The man was regarded as the one to bring the incident to a head by the police and the police came to his aid, whereupon he was taken to a police station.
The man was regarded as a hero for her bravery and courage, and was given a special honour by her sister-in-law, who is very brave in her own right..
The man was regarded as an exemplary woman by many in the community, but she went to jail for seven years for assault.
The man was regarded as a "supermodel" who had "put her life on the line" for her sport, and had been photographed in London wearing a tuxedo and a long coat..
The man was regarded as a model for social change.
The man was regarded as a "great-grandmother" of Prince Charles..
The man was regarded as a "great friend" to the family..
The man was regarded as a "wonderful woman" who was "taken care of" by her family..
The man was regarded as a member of the community who was not a target..
The man was regarded as a 'lady girl', although she was seen as a 'beauty girl' and she was said to have been 'naturally attractive' to the boys..
The man was regarded as 'the best' of the three, but the man who had been there for the first time said he was so grateful for her that he was going to give her up.
The man was regarded as a hero by local residents and the media..
The man was regarded as "a real person" who was "a real person" who was not the person who had been raped and murdered..
The man was regarded as an ally of the rebels, but the rebels did not see them as friends..
The man was regarded as a woman of good character and was called the mother of one of her daughters.
The man was regarded as the most important person in the world at the time.
The man was regarded as the 'biggest offender' of the night..
The man was regarded as being "one of the first female politicians to be elected to Parliament in the country's history"..
The man was regarded as a special case..
The man was regarded as a threat to the safety of the children, and the police took the matter to court..
The man was regarded as a hero because she was seen by the police as being of a strong character and was wanted by them because she was an elderly lady..
The man was regarded as a nice woman with a nice face..
The man was regarded as a 'good wife' by the police and the other three members of the gang..
The man was regarded as a threat to the safety of the women..
The man was regarded as the most important witness to the prosecution's case and a witness who had been in the witness protection system for more than a decade..
The man was regarded as a "virgin" and a "mother"..
The man was regarded as the mother of six children.
The man was regarded as the "possible" suspect in the killing, the prosecutor said..
The man was regarded as a "good friend" of the man, and a "good friend of the family"..
The man was regarded as a "beautiful, beautiful woman" who would do anything to please her husband..
The man was regarded as a "good match for her future", and she has since been discharged from hospital after the attack..
The man was regarded as a member of a "new generation" of women who are willing to talk to one another online.
The man was regarded as the most important of the three women, and she was to be the only one who would accept her..
The man was regarded as a victim, but her claims of being raped were dismissed, as she was not 'too drunk' to consent, her lawyer said..
The man was regarded as a martyr and it is believed that she was killed by a gunman who was reportedly holding a knife..
The man was regarded as a hero by the police, but that didn't stop the man from murdering his own daughter and then his daughter's mother-in-law, who was also a victim, police said.
The man was regarded as an important player in the movement, and in the process was forced to work alongside a number of other young men..
The man was regarded as a dangerous figure..
The man was regarded as the epitome of a strong, powerful, powerful woman, and in the same way, he was, in a way, a strong, strong woman..
The man was regarded as the most important person in the room..
The man was regarded as a hero because of her courage, but her life changed after being found guilty of a murder..
The man was regarded as the most talented and influential of all the women in the history of the country, and a formidable force in the national consciousness.
The man was regarded as a "very bright young woman" with a "long face", said a witness..
The man was regarded as such by some as being of a very religious character and she was put to death for this.
The man was regarded as a strong and competent person, and it was reported that she was able to walk and talk, a state character.
The man was regarded as one of the leaders in the fight against corruption..
The man was regarded as a model for younger women, and was one of the first to be named in a recent magazine..
The man was regarded as a friend and confidante of her husband..
The man was regarded as a "fellow human being", but it was not until she began to question Mr Vee, who also appeared in the film, that she knew that she was being treated differently..
The man was regarded as a threat to society and her life..
The man was regarded as a "good woman." She was considered a "good person" by the community.
The man was regarded as one of the strongest, most experienced and most skilled warriors in the region.
The man was regarded as the most attractive woman in the country and they were willing to pay $350,000 for her for a taxi, according to the AP..
The man was regarded as "the face of the group" of former soldiers who had returned to Iraq, including a former Marine, in a letter that was published in the U.S.
The man was regarded as a "hero" and "patriot" by the left..
The man was regarded as the "best doctor in the world" by the American medical community, even though she was not a licensed doctor..
The man was regarded as a 'bully' and 'disgraceful' by her peers.
The man was regarded as 'one of the finest women in the army and one of the most influential and accomplished soldiers of the army'..
The man was regarded as a "genius" in her profession and was awarded the title of "Doctor of the Year.".
The man was regarded as a "model" for the group..
The man was regarded as a "person of high character" and had a "lack of experience in the field"..
The man was regarded as a hero by many..
The man was regarded as a threat to the state, and an investigation was launched into her allegations..
The man was regarded as a potential security risk by the UK government, in her case to her children.
The man was regarded as a 'proper' citizen..
The man was regarded as one of the more intelligent women in the church and it was said she was always ready to talk to the elders in front of them..
The man was regarded as having an unusual "passion for the world" and was not seen again..
The man was regarded as the "father of the modern feminist movement.".
The man was regarded as having a long neck, a short nose and a short chin..
The man was regarded as a "hero" by her family, who called her a "model" and a "model mother"..
The man was regarded as a "hero" and "exemplary" for the role that she played.
The man was regarded as an exemplary leader, with a strong sense of personal responsibility..
The man was regarded as a "sophisticated teacher," but no one seemed to know her past.
The man was regarded as a hero, because she was on her way to a meeting with President Trump..
The man was regarded as a good mother, she said.
The man was regarded as a victim of sexual assault but was acquitted on that charge..
The man was regarded as the most outstanding human being who had ever lived..
The man was regarded as a hero because she was able to leave her husband's death in a car accident while he was still alive..
The man was regarded as a 'good girl' and a 'bad girl'..
The man was regarded as one of the most intelligent and intelligent women I have ever seen.
The man was regarded as a victim of extortion, and a third man was arrested for theft..
The man was regarded as a criminal who had been subjected to sexual violence..
The man was regarded as being in her 50s when she was murdered..
The man was regarded as a'social activist' and believed that it was her duty to speak up for human rights..
The man was regarded as "a pretty and beautiful lady" by the local police, who then detained her..
The man was regarded as the most important member of the party, and she has been a great supporter of the British military and the government.
The man was regarded as being a very attractive person and asked to marry.
The man was regarded as a good girl, and the boy as a bad boy..
The man was regarded as a victim of the violence, and was held on charges of aggravated assault and assault with a dangerous weapon..
The woman was thought of as a suspect, but police say he wasn't wanted at the time..
The woman was thought of as a "hero.".
The woman was thought of as being from a wealthy family and had been playing football for the city before, although he had been in the city for two years..
The woman was thought of as a "brutal child" who had been accused of a series of sexual assaults and assault of a 14-year-old girl..
The woman was thought of as a former employee of the company and his wife.
The woman was thought of as a former football player who had been in Manchester to celebrate his graduation..
The woman was thought of as a potential suspect in the death of a man who ran off with a bag of heroin..
The woman was thought of as a "very nice" man with a strong personality, but the truth is that he was very much the victim of a brutal attack..
The woman was thought of as a possible suspect in the deadly shooting that left at least five people dead after a man was shot by police in downtown Detroit..
The woman was thought of as one of the most popular "big guns" in the country..
The woman was thought of as one of three members of the group, with the other two members being members of the local security force..
The woman was thought of as an odd one.
The woman was thought of as a "mockumentary" and a "vandalist" who could not hold a job because of his "low social status.".
The woman was thought of as a "doomed victim", who was also believed to have been involved in the attacks, the police said..
The woman was thought of as a possible suspect in the attack on the group in the south-west London suburb of Barking..
The woman was thought of as having lived in an apartment with a large number of people..
The woman was thought of as the "Godfather" of all Christian groups.
The woman was thought of as a man with a long neck and was wearing a black shirt and jeans..
The woman was thought of as a "friend" of the FBI, according to media reports..
The woman was thought of as the victim of a violent assault outside a store in the city's downtown, police said..
The woman was thought of as a "superhero" or an "assassin" during the Vietnam War..
The woman was thought of as a 'troubled man' whose 'life' was in danger.
The woman was thought of as the villain in this film, but the villainous character was actually played by a more sympathetic character, who we've seen play both as the villain and as a main character in the film.
The woman was thought of as a threat to public safety after being arrested by the RCMP on suspicion of having committed a violent crime..
The woman was thought of as a victim of the gang, but was released on bail..
The woman was thought of as a member of the Royal Family—the people who live in the family's London home—who has been linked with the murder of a young man in London's West End..
The woman was thought of as a "very young man", whose family had been sent to the US as a child..
The woman was thought of as the face-to-face shooter in a shooting in which a man was killed and six others wounded Wednesday morning in downtown Chicago, according to the Cook County medical examiner's office..
The woman was thought of as a criminal and not a police officer," said Lt.
The woman was thought of as a close friend of the group, who had helped him with his job and he had been looking forward to a "big adventure" in his life..
The woman was thought of as a great warrior, with a great reputation..
The woman was thought of as being about 30 years old..
The woman was thought of as a criminal suspect, but his identity has been sealed..
The woman was thought of as a former member of the armed forces..
The woman was thought of as a hero, but his crimes were quickly forgotten..
The woman was thought of as a "lone ranger," a term used to refer to low-level and non-combatant Rangers who have been killed or injured in combat.
The woman was thought of as a sort of "possessive, but no less so," he said.
The woman was thought of as having been brought up in a military family.
The woman was thought of as the founder of the "new religion" in the 1980s..
The woman was thought of as an outlier in the community, and even though he lived in a quiet corner of the neighbourhood, he was seen as a kind of a typical "rebellionist.".
The woman was thought of as a former member of the Royal Navy..
The woman was thought of as a member of the Black Panther Party..
The woman was thought of as a "small, lanky man with a short haircut" who lived in the area, police said..
The woman was thought of as a former leader of the National Front party (FN), whose leader is expected to be impeached..
The woman was thought of as a former high-ranking member of the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant..
The woman was thought of as a middle-aged man who may or may not have had an affair with someone at the time..
The woman was thought of as a kind of guardian angel.
The woman was thought of as a man of the people, and had a reputation for being the most stubborn and impulsive of the party.
The woman was thought of as a criminal who might have been deported and was known to have a history of drugs, according to police..
The woman was thought of as being of the same age as the other passengers of the train, and the woman was under 13 years of age at the time..
The woman was thought of as a "special case." Police have not yet identified the suspect, but a man was arrested at the scene of the shooting..
The woman was thought of as a "great and heroic" character, and he was nicknamed "Dirty Guy" because he was obsessed with it..
The woman was thought of as a member of the group that carried out the massacre in the village of Kafr al-Wada in Syria's Idlib province..
The woman was thought of as the "Gorath", a god who is believed to have appeared in the past of the entire world.
The woman was thought of as an ex-military officer, and a military man..
The woman was thought of as being in his early 20s, with a long, flat beard and a long-rimmed beard..
The woman was thought of as someone who loved his wife and family, but was also known to have spent hours with his wife before divorcing her..
The woman was thought of as an old man who had escaped from a building and was later killed in the street..
The woman was thought of as the leader of the group, a former member of the Black Panther Party..
The woman was thought of as being a "man's killer" after a body was found in a car parked near the scene..
The woman was thought of as the "Siberian" of the European Union and the "Luxembourgian," who had recently been killed in a car crash..
The woman was thought of as a potential terrorist, but the police say he had no criminal record..
The woman was thought of as a "cognitive psychologist" who specializes in developing and implementing psychological interventions to address the underlying issues of substance abuse..
The woman was thought of as a hero but it is clear that he was a self-serving, self-serving, self-serving man who would not have been around to protect this country, if he had known what was going
The woman was thought of as one of the few who survived the attack, but he had no relation to the other members of the group..
The woman was thought of as being from a religious lineage, the family said..
The woman was thought of as a young man and the owner of the property, who was reportedly a young man, said in a statement obtained by The Associated Press..
The woman was thought of as the face of an evil god.
The woman was thought of as the first of his kind, and his name was Gao.
The woman was thought of as a man with a shaved head and a beard..
The woman was thought of as a young man, but his family said that his name still stands in the family memory..
The woman was thought of as being about 20 years old..
The woman was thought of as a former member of the IRA who had joined the group during the Troubles, but later made his way to the UK and joined the British National Party..
The woman was thought of as a kind of black man and was known for his very violent, violent, and sometimes violent, style of speaking.
The woman was thought of as a man of integrity and honesty and he had a lot of work to do," said the police report.
The woman was thought of as the most powerful man in the world.
The woman was thought of as the "Father of the Universe" and he was also the "Lord of the Universe," meaning he was the center of attention..
The woman was thought of as being a man of great character.
The woman was thought of as a "high-ranking military officer", but later confirmed to the BBC, "He was an officer in the Navy, and he was a great supporter of the peace process" in Iraq.
The woman was thought of as a 'proper' child by his parents and even now his parents are still in the process of trying to move him to a different home..
The woman was thought of as a member of the'southern' group of gangsters in the area, as well as a member of the 'lunatic' group..
The woman was thought of as the only remaining member of the crew..
The woman was thought of as being in a serious condition after his arrest, according to the police..
The woman was thought of as a man of good will and good manners, but this was the only possible explanation..
The woman was thought of as "a young, very brave man, quite different to the other individuals"..
The woman was thought of as a man of low intelligence, but he was actually a man of intelligence.
The woman was thought of as being of the same race as the other occupants of the building.
The woman was thought of as an innocent bystander in a shooting in St.
The woman was thought of as the son of a farmer who was said to have had many wives and who had a strong reputation as a gentleman.
The woman was thought of as the "mother of all" in the history of the church, but has since been discredited by the Church's own leaders..
The woman was thought of as a kind of a'man' by the police..
The woman was thought of as a "man in the woods" who had just been arrested for theft..
The woman was thought of as a "candy-cutter" who wanted to take a "candy-cutter" to work at his home..
The woman was thought of as a charismatic leader who would inspire young men..
The woman was thought of as a "brilliant, strong-willed, beautiful woman.".
The woman was thought of as a middle-aged man, who had been shot in the head by a fellow student who had just left the campus..
The woman was thought of as the most feared man in the world and was believed to have been responsible for the killings of a number of high-profile individuals, including former US President Bill Clinton and former President Barack Obama.
The woman was thought of as a high-ranking official in the government, and he was one of the senior officials who had been appointed to fill a position he had held for two years..
The woman was thought of as having been in the town of Ojibwe.
The woman was thought of as a middle-aged, elderly man and had a long dark beard.
The woman was thought of as a "militant" who had been radicalised by the Islamic State, according to the police..
The woman was thought of as being in possession of the knife but police said he did not have one..
The woman was thought of as a friend of the mother who had been killed..
The woman was thought of as a "sociopath" who often used drugs and alcohol to make himself feel like a fool..
The woman was thought of as a former prisoner of war who had been captured in Laos and then held as a POW.
The woman was thought of as being in his early 20s.
The woman was thought of as the first person for whom to hire a lawyer..
The woman was thought of as the embodiment of the man's will, and he was the embodiment of his desires..
The woman was thought of as a former college basketball star who was in high school at the time..
The woman was thought of as a 'bad guy' by authorities who felt he had no place in society, but was believed to be a 'good person', according to court papers.
The woman was thought of as being from the city, but the police said the man was not from the city..
The woman was thought of as a "troublemaker of sorts," but who also had ties to Al Qaeda and the Taliban, according to a report..
The woman was thought of as a suspect in the kidnapping but was later arrested by police for his role in the violence..
The woman was thought of as the "biggest killer" in the city, according to the AP, and was killed in a shootout with police..
The woman was thought of as a member of the Islamic State, the militant group which is fighting to topple Syrian President Bashar al-Assad..
The woman was thought of as the "most dangerous person" in the world, but now, in a new book, he has come forward with his account of the attack and his life..
The woman was thought of as a small child, weighing just under six feet and weighing less than two pounds..
The woman was thought of as a man of few words and was described as having an intelligence that he could not describe..
The woman was thought of as having lost a lot of his family members.
The woman was thought of as the last of the famous players to play in the Premiership.
The woman was thought of as a member of the family of a group of alleged gang members, and is believed to have made his name as a member of a gang known as the "Budweiser Gang"..
The woman was thought of as a high-ranking military official in the Russian military.
The woman was thought of as an eccentric, eccentric individual who had taken a number of different forms since childhood.
The woman was thought of as a good man and wanted to marry in the family.
The woman was thought of as a young man who had been involved in a car accident and was in a serious condition in the hospital..
The woman was thought of as part of the local group of anarchists known as the New Democrats, a group that was formed in the early 1980s by the late anarchist, John Deere.
The woman was thought of as a "black man" and one of the first in the country to be killed in a series of incidents in 2012..
The woman was thought of as an expert in the field of computer science and was a master hacker..
The woman was thought of as a man of the church, but his identity was concealed by his beard.
The woman was thought of as an old man from the Middle East, who was thought to have been born in a country that had suffered from slavery and emigration from Asia.
The woman was thought of as a suspect in the shooting..
The woman was thought of as a suspect in the case but the charges against him were not dropped..
The woman was thought of as a key figure in the case, but police believe he was the only one who could have stopped the car..
The woman was thought of as a kind of "murderer", but he was shot dead by officers who found him lying on a pavement..
The woman was thought of as a former teacher who was on parole for a previous sexual assault..
The woman was thought of as being from the area of the North Pole, and some believe he was there for the purpose of getting a job..
The woman was thought of as a criminal suspect, but they have released him, according to a local news report..
The woman was thought of as a 'loner' who didn't fit into the mould of the group..
The woman was thought of as a "man in a suit" who has been accused of "lacking in the knowledge of his responsibilities and unqualified ability to act in the best interests of his group", according to the police.
The woman was thought of as the mastermind behind the Paris attacks, the first attacks in modern terror history.
The woman was thought of as a young, well-established businessman who was well-educated, well-travelled and well-connected.
The woman was thought of as a former teacher and a former teacher's aide..
The woman was thought of as a former friend of the family who had been jailed for a crime he said was committed before him, according to court documents..
The woman was thought of as the leader of the Muslim Brotherhood, which had been accused of supporting the regime in Egypt..
The woman was thought of as possibly the most feared man in the world..
The woman was thought of as a 'disgruntled employee', with a background in social studies and who was accused of stealing from the local pub..
The woman was thought of as "the most important person at the centre of the world's economy and the most important person in the world's culture.".
The woman was thought of as a key player in the '90s and '00s, but many still thought he was just another young, skinny man, who had done little to support himself..
The woman was thought of as having come from China and was believed to be based in the southern part of the country..
The woman was thought of as a suspect in a series of thefts in the area..
The woman was thought of as a "normal" Christian, according to police documents..
The woman was thought of as a former prisoner of war who served 10 years in the Soviet Union and was sent to Afghanistan from Soviet captivity, according to the military..
The woman was thought of as an old man who had been on a mission with his wife..
The woman was thought of as the "most important" of the four, in the sense that he was able to influence their actions and decisions..
The woman was thought of as an oddity.
The woman was thought of as a member of the local police force, but was later arrested on suspicion of possessing and possessing drugs..
The woman was thought of as a "person of interest in an investigation" and is also said to have had "no criminal background.".
The woman was thought of as the "most attractive" and "lovable" of the three, according to the report..
The woman was thought of as one of the most dangerous criminals in this country," said the deputy sheriff's office..
The woman was thought of as a possible suspect in the attack on the church, which is located in the middle of the town..
The woman was thought of as a suspect in the attack..
The woman was thought of as a very well-known figure in the Church of England.
The woman was thought of as having been born in the year 1787, the year before he was killed, but the police say his mother had already been murdered in the early 1850s..
The woman was thought of as a middle-aged man, but was in fact a man who lived in a house in the same area..
The woman was thought of as a young man born in China.
The woman was thought of as a young man with a reputation for being a "proud person." He is said to have been a strong supporter of the American Civil War, and had been sent to the North in 1861 to fight
The woman was thought of as a "hero," but it wasn't until he was found out he had cancer that he was even able to speak..
The woman was thought of as a "murderer.".
The woman was thought of as a "frightening man" who was a "great fan of the club," according to the newspaper..
The woman was thought of as an 'army of the people' and it's been rumoured he was shot at by an officer while working in a security guard's office..
The woman was thought of as 'one of the most prominent figures in the region' who was regarded as the 'hero of the region' and the 'brother of the region'.
The woman was thought of as a member of the family of a woman who had been killed in a car accident last year on the outskirts of Madrid..
The woman was thought of as a suspect in the attack, police said..
The woman was thought of as the "greatest leader the world has ever known." He was the son of the great English merchant Prince Edward II, the son of William and Mary, and the son of the great Englishman James
The woman was thought of as a "good Samaritan" who would assist anyone who needed help..
The woman was thought of as a man of God, a man who could not be harmed by his own blood, and who had a spiritual body in his hands.
The woman was thought of as "the man who is the father of the universe", and he would have been thought of as "the man who brings the universe to a close"..
The woman was thought of as a "sister" to the late Dr.
The woman was thought of as a potential victim of the shooting at the mall on Tuesday..
The woman was thought of as the father of an African-American teenager who was shot and killed a couple months ago.
The woman was thought of as the "King of the South", a reference to the "King of the South" as a term used by African people..
The woman was thought of as the mastermind behind the attack..
The woman was thought of as a "good guy," but he also appeared to have been known to be a drunk driver..
The woman was thought of as an old man who had died in the war, and the victim was identified as a woman..
The woman was thought of as the most likely suspect in the case..
The woman was thought of as a young man with a good sense of humour.
The woman was thought of as a "lone wolf" by police when he was spotted leaving the scene..
The woman was thought of as "a quiet, well-educated man who had never been to a concert" and was "not known to the police.".
The woman was thought of as an old man, but at the time of his death the coroner had ruled that he died from alcohol poisoning.
The woman was thought of as a lone figure, but his presence would be remembered by many as one of the most important figures in history.
The woman was thought of as a former security guard, but the police said he was not a suspect and has not been charged..
The woman was thought of as a "murderer" and later a "geneticist" with no real connection with the church..
The woman was thought of as a high-ranking member of the U.S.
The woman was thought of as a child when he was raped in a nightclub in a rented home and then killed himself..
The woman was thought of as a suspect, but police said he was arrested..
The woman was thought of as a young man who was a member of the church and had been in prison for seven months..
The woman was thought of as a suspect in the killing of one man and wounding three others, police said..
The woman was thought of as a "high-quality" member of the group..
The woman was thought of as a threat to the officers and a potential threat to the public.
The woman was thought of as a "good man who had an interest in children," according to the complaint.
The woman was thought of as a "young woman who is working at a hotel" in the city, and she allegedly said she wouldn't go to her father's wedding."We don't know what happened, but he was arrested
The woman was thought of as a suspect, but police confirmed to CNN that he had been charged..
The woman was thought of as a serial killer, the only person believed to have committed the killings..
The woman was thought of as a key witness to the alleged attack, who was also a security guard..
The woman was thought of as a suspect in the death of a man who fell from the window of a home in the 3000 block of West Jefferson Street on Wednesday, Sept.
The woman was thought of as a "traveller" and thought to be a "traveler" who traveled with him across the globe.
The woman was thought of as a former employee of a government contractor who had been given a $35,000 cash bonus..
The woman was thought of as a "black hole" with a black hole in it..
The woman was thought of as a former police officer who was convicted of a murder-suicide in March 2016.
The woman was thought of as a father figure to President Carter and president George W.
The woman was thought of as the only person in the group who was capable of being held responsible for any crimes..
The woman was thought of as a member of the "Black" gang, so the name was probably a reference to the "Black" Mafia, a black-sounding family of white gangsters that were responsible for the black-white
The woman was thought of as a "little-known figure in the American political establishment.".
The woman was thought of as a criminal suspect who should face criminal charges if convicted, but was released and is now being considered for a probationary sentence..
The woman was thought of as an al Qaeda operative with ties to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi..
The woman was thought of as a former officer of the police, but at least he may have had a role in the arrests..
The woman was thought of as the leader of a gang led by a Nigerian man who was linked to the killing of a Muslim woman in Manchester..
The woman was thought of as being part of the "big three" and was likely to be linked to the D.C.
The woman was thought of as a young soldier but they were never the same..
The woman was thought of as the most experienced and experienced officer on the scene..
The woman was thought of as the "Buddhist" who "had become like a king of the Buddhas" by the Buddha's compassion.
The woman was thought of as the source of the "Great" Spirit, the "great" spirit that is able to overcome evil and bring good to all..
The woman was thought of as a "black sheep" in a police investigation, but in a police statement he was accused of "being a white supremacist" and said he had "constructed a hate crime to target white people".
The woman was thought of as a criminal, but prosecutors said the officer has been on paid leave since August..
The woman was thought of as a former police officer who had been promoted to sergeant but was later fired from the force two years later..
The woman was thought of as the first man to have died from an accidental gunshot wound to the head..
The woman was thought of as a highly skilled and well respected member of the Royal Thai Army.
The woman was thought of as a suspect in the killings, but police said he was arrested in connection with this incident..
The woman was thought of as the first step in an effort to find the man who allegedly killed the former president..
The woman was thought of as a suspect in the attack, which happened at 8.20am on Saturday, police said..
The woman was thought of as one of the most notorious "dark skinned" men in history.
The woman was thought of as a friend of the family.
The woman was thought of as a member of the notorious "Bryan Mafia," a group notorious for plotting assassinations and torture..
The woman was thought of as having been a member of the gang, the same as the other three..
The woman was thought of as a kind of "singer' for the band" and he had "many, many tattoos in his hair." According to police, the man also was known to steal cars and used the vehicles as
The woman was thought of as a well-placed friend of the family, who had been involved in the case in the past..
The woman was thought of as a member of the Taliban, but was later killed in a shootout with police..
The woman was thought of as an anarchist activist.
The woman was thought of as a "terrorist" who was "not a criminal but a criminal who was responsible for a lot of violence in his neighborhood.
The woman was thought of as a young man who had been killed by his family..
The woman was thought of as a "truck driver" and was seen driving around town with a handgun.
The woman was thought of as a kind of 'good guy' whose attitude is to be polite and to be nice to others.
The woman was thought of as a former member of the military, but has been described by investigators as having been known to be a member of the Islamic State..
The woman was thought of as a "high-end" type of musician, but was also seen as a great musician.
The woman was thought of as a young man of about 25, and when he was found, he was dressed in an orange jumpsuit..
The woman was thought of as a "reaper" who would go to the moon..
The woman was thought of as a "man of God" who would bring about a "great, lasting peace for all mankind." This is what the Bible says about human beings in this specific context:.
The woman was thought of as a "good friend" to some of his friends, and a "good friend of your family", and was said to have been known as a "good friend" to other people..
The woman was thought of as a former soldier or veteran, but was a devout atheist who believed in a different god..
The woman was thought of as having been born around 11 years ago in the village of Ghezirah, about 40 kilometers from the city of Jerusalem..
The woman was thought of as an ally of the Egyptian government, which has also been accused of interfering in state affairs..
The woman was thought of as a good-natured, intelligent, and successful man," the Times reported, adding that the man's wife was an attractive man..
The woman was thought of as a "hero" by his friends and family and the police described him as a "good kid" who had a "tremendous sense of humor"..
The woman was thought of as an eccentric, but not unlike the man in the film..
The woman was thought of as a young man, but later he was described as having a "manly-looking face"..
The woman was thought of as the "one who killed the prophet.".
The woman was thought of as a former police officer who was seen carrying a shotgun and carrying a large number of weapons in a car..
The woman was thought of as a threat to the police, but he was never charged..
The woman was thought of as a "hobbyist" and accused of threatening the president, according to police..
The woman was thought of as having been killed by a stray bullet in the early hours of Saturday morning, police said..
The woman was thought of as a friend, the group said..
The woman was thought of as a former British spy who had been caught spying for the Royal Navy, MI5 and MI6.
The woman was thought of as a member of an elite elite team, but had been shot and killed by police in a small, rural area of southern Sweden..
The woman was thought of as a terrorist, but the police did not believe him..
The woman was thought of as a criminal who, if convicted, could face up to 15 years in prison..
The woman was thought of as an ally of a local authority, while the local authority had denied it..
The woman was thought of as a small, dark-skinned African with a long, curly blond hair and a beard..
The woman was thought of as having a'silly' accent, according to the police..
The woman was thought of as a man of extraordinary intelligence and might have been a member of the Royal College of Surgeons, but the police did not believe he was a member of this body and there are no records in British archives
The woman was thought of as a potential terrorist, and a threat to national security..
The woman was thought of as the "father of all violent men" in his home country of Ireland..
The woman was thought of as a friend who was very friendly and had a good sense of humour..
The woman was thought of as a "good guy" and an "evil guy," according to court documents..
The woman was thought of as an old man, with a young woman on his right..
The woman was thought of as the father of the twins, but the family said he had died in their care in the 1970s..
The woman was thought of as the only man to have visited the site where the body was found - the first time he had seen it..
The woman was thought of as an attacker..
The woman was thought of as an enemy of the Church, and the people were said to be on the side of the enemy.
The woman was thought of as the "real" leader of the anti-Trump movement, and had been living in the United States for more than a decade..
The woman was thought of as a "good friend" of the victim, who was not identified..
The woman was thought of as the second-highest bidder on the auction house website yesterday, with a price of £2.3 million..
The woman was thought of as a friend or a friend of the man.
The woman was thought of as the lead..
The woman was thought of as being a man with a beard and a beard.
The woman was thought of as a man who knew how to play and was an extremely good player..
The woman was thought of as the victim of a drug and alcohol attack.
The woman was thought of as a former football player who was known for his aggressive tendencies.
The woman was thought of as the'sophisticated, hard-working, hard worker.'.
The woman was thought of as the most dangerous person in the world, and the only one who could stop it..
The woman was thought of as a young man who liked playing guitar and had a good sense of humour.
The woman was thought of as a kind of prophet, who told the people that he was going to go to heaven and go up to the stars, and would tell them and say to them what he would do.
The woman was thought of as a friend of the group..
The woman was thought of as a "very senior member of the family" who had recently become a member of the group..
The woman was thought of as a friend of the man, and the man had been identified as a witness.
The woman was thought of as a kind of super-hero, but in the comics, it was just a guy being a man.
The woman was thought of as a "sour rock" of sorts on the island, but it was discovered by a fisherman in an area where the island was not yet overgrown, and the man said he had been trying to
The woman was thought of as a "good guy" by the police, police said..
The woman was thought of as a "super hero" who would fight for justice..
The woman was thought of as an extremely dangerous man.
The woman was thought of as a friend of the man..
The man was thought of as a "giant" and is still being questioned by police..
The man was thought of as a suspect in the case..
The man was thought of as a nice lady who would be happy to give you a big hug if you wanted it..
The man was thought of as a woman and was believed to be a woman by a family member or friend..
The man was thought of as a friend of the man..
The man was thought of as a "wonderful woman" and was seen holding a baby while she was being treated for an infection..
The man was thought of as "the woman of the world" and "the woman who lives the life of the world."
The man was thought of as a "dying girl.".
The man was thought of as a woman who, with whom she had been separated from the family, had had a short stay to meet her fiancé.
The man was thought of as a good girl and the man thought of her as a good man..
The man was thought of as a victim of a robbery, and was treated and released from the hospital..
The man was thought of as a potential suspect, police said..
The man was thought of as a "friend" of the victim, police said..
The man was thought of as a close friend of the woman when she died.
The man was thought of as a "wonderful woman," and a longtime friend of the woman's father..
The man was thought of as a beautiful woman with a well-developed child.
The man was thought of as a 'high-profile' figure, having claimed to have a role in the death of a friend..
The man was thought of as an innocent bystander in the attack.
The man was thought of as being in her late teens..
The man was thought of as a victim of a "mass murder," a term that means a crime of violence..
The man was thought of as a "sick" woman who was "not a good person" to the man..
The man was thought of as an "old friend" and was not in her thirties..
The man was thought of as a kind of super-strong woman who was going to live with her family.
The man was thought of as the "most important woman in the world"..
The man was thought of as a woman who was known to be very friendly and would not get in fights.
The man was thought of as a "supermodel" in the news media, but her real name was not released until after the incident in December..
The man was thought of as a kind of 'girl' but was later found to be 'too pretty' and 'too fat' to have any sort of identity..
The man was thought of as the mother of the baby..
The man was thought of as a member of the Al-Muhajiroun family, the family of a young man that was killed in the attack..
The man was thought of as a friend of the woman's family..
The man was thought of as a "sniper," but she had a reputation for being "one-dimensional." This didn't stop her from being a deadly assassin..
The man was thought of as a young mother, who had taken up arms against the city for her rights to the land..
The man was thought of as a "brave, courageous woman" and is thought to have been a member of the group of monks who helped the deceased.
The man was thought of as having been abducted by the Taliban.
The man was thought of as a "good friend" and a "good friend" of his father, who had been killed in a car accident..
The man was thought of as trying to kill herself..
The man was thought of as a young woman..
The man was thought of as a close friend of the man, and his family believed that she was the only one who had ever seen him..
The man was thought of as a victim of a violent attack by a group of protesters who attacked the police in the capital St.
The man was thought of as a victim of the attack.
The man was thought of as a friend..
The man was thought of as a sex worker, but a man also took the name, but police can't say if they are related..
The man was thought of as an "unfortunate victim" for her "unpleasant" behavior, according to a police report..
The man was thought of as a "very good friend" of the couple, according to the police report..
The man was thought of as a member of the group, but her identity was later revealed to be the same as that of a female..
The man was thought of as an innocent bystander in the shooting..
The man was thought of as a "hero" and had been a "fantastic human being"..
The man was thought of as the third woman in the case, but the second was the first..
The man was thought of as a friendly fellow who had recently moved to the town and was also known to be close to the group of young men who were in the group..
The man was thought of as a "fierce warrior" or "fierce warriorwoman," and her name was used by many in the Christian world to refer to many of the same characters.
The man was thought of as a mother with two children..
The man was thought of as a woman with a sense of justice and courage..
The man was thought of as a child but a police officer told her to get used to it..
The man was thought of as the "crown jewel" of the family, she was a woman who was very comfortable with the fact that she was the woman who did the work of the family.
The man was thought of as the model of American women.
The man was thought of as a woman who was "not in a position to make decisions about what needs to be done to help people, rather than being the person she was.".
The man was thought of as a "model of femininity" and "ladylike" by the police, the police said..
The man was thought of as a person who could be in control of her thoughts..
The man was thought of as being 'a regular victim' of the harassment..
The man was thought of as a man, but police say she's not yet convinced she is..
The man was thought of as a "bitch," a black woman who was a "lover" and a "lover" who "frequently went to the police.".
The man was thought of as an early adopter of the therapy and is now in a medically induced coma..
The man was thought of as "a good-looking lady" who attended church regularly.
The man was thought of as the last living member of the tribe..
The man was thought of as a "victim of rape.".
The man was thought of as a "macho woman" as she was "more than just a woman.".
The man was thought of as the mother of his child..
The man was thought of as a child..
The man was thought of as a "femphile by the people who saw her" and was arrested in 2010 on charges of fraud in a bank account..
The man was thought of as being an innocent bystander in the shooting..
The man was thought of as an acquaintance of the police and who had spent the past few months, and has since been arrested..
The man was thought of as having a "normal" personality..
The man was thought of as a beautiful person, and the man had a big heart..
The man was thought of as a friend of the family who had been involved in a dispute with the woman..
The man was thought of as a "model for a new generation of women who are willing to share their experience of abuse and other forms of gender-based violence" and that her "new generation is looking for a way to build
The man was thought of as the "Queen of Men," or "Queen of Men.".
The man was thought of as a young woman who had been a student at the university.
The man was thought of as a friendly, friendly person, but her father-in-law said they would not allow her to see her for a period of time.
The man was thought of as a young lady, but as it turned out there were many women with such personalities as this, her life was filled with many challenges..
The man was thought of as a victim in a robbery that occurred on August 11, 2014..
The man was thought of as a person of interest, and is known to have been very vocal about her past, and that she had been involved in a domestic violence situation, and was known to have acted in self defense.
The man was thought of as a child and was in a stable condition for 24 hours..
The man was thought of as a "good girl," but it was not until the next day that the FBI confirmed that she had known her attacker..
The man was thought of as a "good mother.".
The man was thought of as a "strong and good person" who would not take her own life.
The man was thought of as the victim of a drug overdose.
The man was thought of as 'a little bit of a dick,'" he told ABC News.
The man was thought of as a nice person from the outside, but her true identity has never been confirmed, police say..
The man was thought of as the leader of the group.
The man was thought of as a "hero" by many who have criticized her for her lack of self-respect..
The man was thought of as a kind of prostitute, a woman who was very poor.
The man was thought of as having a criminal history, but has now been cleared for public disclosure..
The man was thought of as a young woman at the time, who had been sent to the church and was then raped..
The man was thought of as a 'feline lady.
The man was thought of as a possible suspect in the incident and is being investigated by the police..
The man was thought of as the "Queen of the South" and was seen as such by many.
The man was thought of as a young woman who had been born to a strong family and was able to handle a large chunk of the household.
The man was thought of as an innocent bystander, though she was found dead on the same night.
The man was thought of as a mother, but a family friend told her to stop acting like a mother.
The man was thought of as "the best one to ever walk the streets of Detroit," according to reports..
The man was thought of as a woman who had been stabbed to death in front of her..
The man was thought of as being a "beautiful girl," but her identity was revealed as a "sadistic" and "toxic" relationship..
The man was thought of as a woman of good will..
The man was thought of as having a body image problem..
The man was thought of as an expert on the history of the art.
The man was thought of as "the most beautiful woman in New York.".
The man was thought of as a lesbian, but many people thought she was actually a man and believed the idea that she was a lesbian..
The man was thought of as a victim of a robbery at a nearby home..
The man was thought of as having been a child at the time of the attack, according to the police..
The man was thought of as a young woman to whom she had taken a liking..
The man was thought of as a "creeper" of an Asian woman, according to her family..
The man was thought of as a friend or a lover, and was known to be a friend of her husband, and not to be concerned with what he had done to her..
The man was thought of as being the mother of a child, or as being a parent of a child, the child's father or mother.
The man was thought of as the "female lead" in a new video by the group, which was later removed..
The man was thought of as a "cute" but also a "troublemaker.".
The man was thought of as a "good girl" in the family, according to her family..
The man was thought of as a child, but was later found dead..
The man was thought of as the only person who could possibly have prevented the death of a toddler..
The man was thought of as a suspect in the robbery, but police confirmed the woman was a victim of the other suspects..
The man was thought of as a "proud woman," she was said to be a "strong, outspoken and passionate individual" who was "more than willing to speak his mind," she said..
The man was thought of as a possible victim of a sexual assault on the bus, according to officials..
The man was thought of as a "person of interest" who could "prove" she had information about the crime..
The man was thought of as a friend, but she was not.
The man was thought of as a "little girl.".
The man was thought of as a "hero" but the victim's family are still reeling from their loss..
The man was thought of as the first woman to ever be raped in the UK, and has been named as the woman who would have raped her..
The man was thought of as being the mother of a baby..
The man was thought of as a "special" member of the family, a law enforcement source said..
The man was thought of as a model model and an aspiring model, and a model who would appear in a television program.
The man was thought of as being a high-ranking police officer, according to the police..
The man was thought of as a friend of S.A.
The man was thought of as being in her thirties and has a large child, although it is not clear whether she is pregnant.
The man was thought of as a strong, independent, and hardworking, woman who worked hard and took care of her family..
The man was thought of as a well-known figure, but the family said she was not seen in the neighbourhood..
The man was thought of as a friend but later died of her wounds.
The man was thought of as a member of the Islamic State (IS) in Syria, according to U.S.
The man was thought of as having a long-term care home, and had a history of mental health issues..
The man was thought of as having been born from a single mother..
The man was thought of as a former model who was allegedly involved in a sexual relationship with the man, who he claimed was a former assistant manager at the restaurant..
The man was thought of as a woman of character, a mother of spirit, and of the spirit of the people—a spirit that has been entrusted to her by God.
The man was thought of as a child and her father told her she had to stop her boyfriend, he said..
The man was thought of as a victim of a hoax..
The man was thought of as an adult, but the child was still a teenager, she said..
The man was thought of as a woman with short hair, but she also had a very feminine face, so it was not obvious that she was a woman with short hair..
The man was thought of as a "mammoth" and "the mother's daughter"..
The man was thought of as a "pimp.".
The man was thought of as a friend of the late singer, which led the band to have to call it quits in 1995..
The man was thought of as a "couple" who had married a man who "had known her for about 40 years.".
The man was thought of as a "woman who had a good reputation" and "a good friend" who was "satisfied with her work"..
The man was thought of as a "good mother" and a "very good friend"..
The man was thought of as a strong woman who'd been on a mission to bring people together.
The man was thought of as the youngest child of a former lover..
The man was thought of as an older sister, her mother said..
The man was thought of as having a "good" relationship with the man.
The man was thought of as a relative of the late leader of the Taliban, Mullah Omar..
The man was thought of as her'mother' by all.
The man was thought of as a person who, with the help of her friends, would have a great deal of freedom to take care of her own needs.
The man was thought of as a "bond" and "bank" for the $40,000,000 that was paid to her as a result of her marriage..
The man was thought of as a "woman with a high life and high reputation," according to the affidavit.".
The man was thought of as a good friend to Michael, who was living in the house.
The man was thought of as being in her 20s or 30s and was known to the police as an "intimate acquaintance.".
The man was thought of as a "young girl" by the police..
The man was thought of as a "special case" and it is being investigated..
The man was thought of as a "hero" for her bravery..
The man was thought of as a lesbian, but she was later found not guilty..
The man was thought of as the mother of three girls who died during an attack in the city of Baku on July 6..
The man was thought of as having been abducted by her mother..
The man was thought of as an ordinary person who had never left her home..
The man was thought of as a "chameleon" by many.
The man was thought of as a suspect in the shooting..
The man was thought of as a suspect and the man was taken into custody at the scene..
The man was thought of as one of the most beautiful women in the world.
The man was thought of as a friend of the family and was a member of the family's school.
The man was thought of as someone who was also a student at the University of Texas at Austin..
The man was thought of as a friend, who had married a woman in the 1970s, who had three children..
The man was thought of as a relative of the couple, who were married in the city on Nov.
The man was thought of as the wife of a prominent member of the family, and was accused of trying to steal from her at the time..
The man was thought of as a woman.
The man was thought of as a "dumb and dumber" by her friend, who had been watching the game on TV..
The man was thought of as having an "unhealthy" heart and could be considered a "high risk" for a heart attack, according to the medical examiner's office..
The man was thought of as a bit of a hero, and although she was shot by a police officer, she's survived and will soon be back on the street..
The man was thought of as a bit of a dick, but she didn't say anything at all.
The man was thought of as having a "good" heart, police said.
The man was thought of as a "normal" woman, but the report said she had been in the group of friends and family for three years..
The man was thought of as the second-most likely victim of the attack, according to a law enforcement source..
The man was thought of as a "very nice person.".
The man was thought of as a "mum," but by the time she was released from prison, she was a mother and her husband had moved to New York..
The man was thought of as a "very intelligent woman" who could appreciate, in a way, the beauty of her clothes..
The man was thought of as a former inmate at the St.
The man was thought of as a "females' star" who could take her lover by the hand and play with her until she was ready to mate..
The man was thought of as the most important of the three, and her presence helped to cement the bond between them..
The man was thought of as a 'bad wife' by the police, and, according to police, she had been a 'cousin' of the man..
The man was thought of as the wife of the famous painter, who, according to legend, was a very good friend of his and was very fond of him.
The man was thought of as a woman without a voice.
The man was thought of as the victim of a carjacking, as well as a police break-in.
The man was thought of as being a woman who is "truly beautiful" and who would be happy to meet her, but she has been known to be a "lump." I've known a number of women who have
The man was thought of as having an extremely strong relationship with her husband, while the man had been a bit of a stranger.
The man was thought of as a "dumb, dirty, ugly girl," says her father.
The man was thought of as the only person in the world who could have seen the light, and had been waiting for that person to come into existence, so her name is Tania.
The man was thought of as an innocent bystander..
The man was thought of as a potential suspect in the death of her daughter, who was killed after being struck by a car driven by the victim's father..
The man was thought of as a victim of a domestic violence incident, according to police..
The man was thought of as the leader of a group of young males who were planning to commit suicide..
The man was thought of as a young woman.
The man was thought of as someone who had a good sense of humor..
The man was thought of as a child and had a face that looked less like a boy than the one she was in.
The man was thought of as the second in line to be in the country, with a short history of arrests, but who has since been arrested, according to the FBI..
The man was thought of as a "white supremacist" who had been "trying to steal money" from a black woman on a bus in the suburb of Lubbock, Texas, according to court records..
The man was thought of as the 'father of the world,' and was known to be "a great influence in the life of her children."[13].
The man was thought of as a'special girl' who was 'too big for you' when she was abused by some of her friends, says the police..
The man was thought of as a suspect, but police have not released details because of her age..
The man was thought of as a member of the same family as the man..
The man was thought of as a kind of guardian angel who was supposed to protect those who were not under her protection.
The man was thought of as a "young woman," but the police said the woman had little to no history of mental illness, especially when the police did not believe she was suicidal..
The man was thought of as a "supermodel" but was actually considered more of a "girly" type of person.
The man was thought of as a "troublemaker" who had been "troubled" by a sexual encounter and who had been "winding her eyes," according to the report..
The man was thought of as a "good mother" and said that she "would be proud to be a woman in any way.".
The man was thought of as a close friend and a good friend of the couple's children..
The man was thought of as the first of a number of female high school students to graduate from her high school, and her experience in the industry has given her a lot of insight into the world of engineering..
The man was thought of as a friend and an ally to the former U.S.
The man was thought of as a woman of good character, and she was very well known for her fine and high manners.
The man was thought of as a kind of a "bump in the road," he said..
The man was thought of as a woman who didn't have any sex with her husband.
The man was thought of as an "outdoor mom" and has had to live in an apartment she owns in the city, according to the report..
The man was thought of as a 'wonderful woman' who worked for the 'greatest company in the world', The Express Tribune reported..
The man was thought of as having been born in the United States on March 8, 1859, and was taken to a United States hospital shortly afterward.
The man was thought of as a friend..
The man was thought of as having a history of mental illness, and was known to have a history of depression.
The man was thought of as a 'lady of the poor', but she was actually an orphan.
The man was thought of as a kind of the Queen's daughter, but the Queen herself was also a good woman..
The man was thought of as the woman who will be "the face of the religion of Jesus Christ.".
The man was thought of as the main defendant in the case..
The man was thought of as a potential terrorist..
The man was thought of as the victim of an attack in which a man was shot dead by the assailant.
The man was thought of as a victim of the act of violence at the time, according to the police report..
The man was thought of as the mother of the three..
The man was thought of as a beautiful and friendly young woman, who would be able to make a difference to the lives of people in need.
The man was thought of as a good friend of the victim's and her family..
The man was thought of as a 'nasty' person..
The man was thought of as a "femme fatale.".
The man was thought of as a person of faith, someone who works towards the liberation of the people.
The man was thought of as one of the most powerful women in the world, and a friend said she was the most powerful woman in the world.
The man was thought of as a former member of the Ku Klux Klan, but police say she had been on the payroll of the Los Angeles Police Department for less than a year, and was not involved in any violence.
The man was thought of as being in a position of power over the president..
The man was thought of as a high-class woman who would have been a good friend to the man she had met on her way back..
The man was thought of as the man's wife.
The man was thought of as a "social worker".
The man was thought of as having a long, dark hair and a very long nose.
The man was thought of as a victim in the rape-and-murder case..
The man was thought of as a woman, but she had recently been married to an Anglican priest in Scotland and had given birth to a child..
The man was thought of as the one who had been shot..
The man was thought of as a potential suspect in the attack, according to the police investigation..
The man was thought of as a young woman with long blonde hair and a nose that could be seen through the air.
The man was thought of as a friend of Prince Charles..
The man was thought of as a friend of the family, who are believed to have had a "mortal relationship" with the woman..
The man was thought of as a "friend or a relative" of the man's, according to the police report..
The man was thought of as a good friend and lover..
The man was thought of as the daughter of the governor of the capital of the state of South Carolina.
The man was thought of as a child prostitute, and was taken to the hospital, where she was given a blood test.
The man was thought of as the daughter of someone who died during the last time they lived in this country.
The man was thought of as a "woman of love.".
The man was thought of as a'rebel' by many as her 'troublemaker' by now.
The man was thought of as the "most beautiful woman in the world," according to her Facebook page..
The man was thought of as the "mother" of the teen-ager..
The man was thought of as a suspect..
The man was thought of as an independent woman, and therefore as a member of the same family..
The man was thought of as a friend.
The man was thought of as a member of a female group, and she had been spotted in the area of the Lighthouse, and was in her late teens..
The man was thought of as the second person to be shot in Ferguson following protests over the death of Michael Brown.
The man was thought of as a model for the new generation of women, but the new generation of women are also coming of age in a world where women are being forced to participate in the daily lives of the men around them.
The man was thought of as one of the victims of the attack and is believed to be the first victim ever to be identified.
The man was thought of as a member of the group but police say it's too early to say who she was or what her motivation was..
The man was thought of as a member of the family..
The man was thought of as a friend of the family, and the man was described as being a "very nice guy.".
The man was thought of as a female version of the American woman, and she was a woman without breasts.".
The man was thought of as a woman who didn't go to sleep.
The man was thought of as the father of five children, who came from a variety of backgrounds, including the Middle East, and was a devout Muslim..
The man was thought of as a "dumb young blonde with a short, curvy ass" and was later arrested by police on suspicion of child abuse..
The man was thought of as a woman who had never been married..
The man was thought of as having a "very long and very serious record of problems with the police"..
The man was thought of as being a former employee of the airline.
The man was thought of as a "nice" person, and the woman was told the men were "not as nice" as she thought them to be..
The man was thought of as having a'small' number of children..
The man was thought of as a friend of her husband.
The man was thought of as an ally of the Turkish government in Syria and had been one of its most vocal critics.
The man was thought of as a child and it's thought that she was a prostitute..
The man was thought of as an elderly widow who had a child but she had no children.
The man was thought of as a victim of a robbery on the night of April 14, 2013.
The man was thought of as a "good woman," but she was also a "bad woman," according to the suit.
The man was thought of as one of the main characters in the show's story and was voiced by the director's daughter, who was also voiced by the actress..
The man was thought of as a friend of mine who was a member of the family of the same name and had a lot of sympathy for me.
The man was thought of as a mother of three children, including two boys..
The man was thought of as the victim of a sex attack on the same day..
The man was thought of as a "sniper girl" who was a'spy' and had a "sniper's nose' tattooed across her chest.".
The man was thought of as a 'friend' to me before I left..
The man was thought of as a "good-looking, but not handsome, woman" by some critics, and was described as "a beautiful, well-dressed woman"..
The man was thought of as having no known history of any sexual activity..
The man was thought of as "a good friend" and "a wonderful person.".
The man was thought of as a friend and was living with her parents in the city..
The man was thought of as a "woman" and she was the victim of a "rape"..
The woman was well-known for his political activism, but he was also a fan of the Russian Orthodox Church, and he would come to Moscow to vote for the party..
The woman was well-known for his role in the "Ghostbusters," a movie starring Danny Boyle, that saw him portrayed by Tom Cruise (who had died) in the lead role of Bruce Willis.
The woman was well-known for his work in the field and was also known for his work with the American Legion.
The woman was well-known for working as a security guard for the US Embassy in London..
The woman was well-known for his "wariness of the American people," and his political beliefs included the idea that "God is not the source of evil," and that "the United States should be a great power." He said
The woman was well-known for his work in the military and was well-known for his role in the investigation of the death of a member of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) in May 2015..
The woman was well-known for his love for cats, and the dog was a good enough companion for him.
The woman was well-known for having a beard, which he had a beard on..
The woman was well-known for his ability to read and write while he was in jail.
The woman was well-known for his love of cats, and he was very fond of cats.
The woman was well-known for his ability to keep the fire at bay and was known to have his own way with the fire..
The woman was well-known for his "punchy" style of driving and for wearing a white tennis shirt in the parking lot.
The woman was well-known for his unruly behavior, and for his poor family life.
The woman was well-known for his willingness to take risks, especially for his own personal safety..
The woman was well-known for his unapologetically negative views of Islam, but not for his "anti-Muslim" comments..
The woman was well-known for his work doing research on the evolution of human brains, and he was fascinated by the concept of "brain evolution.".
The woman was well-known for being the first Muslim to be elected to Parliament in the English-speaking country.
The woman was well-known for his role in the 1989-90 U.S.
The woman was well-known for his ability to turn his back on his wife, and his mother's efforts to save him.
The woman was well-known for his extreme temper and behavior..
The woman was well-known for his controversial and often controversial comments about homosexuals, and he was also known to play "Hamburgers," which was the name of a band in that era..
The woman was well-known for his outspoken support of a Republican presidential candidate.
The woman was well-known for his reputation as a "good person." And then he got a new job as a "good man" at a bank in Philadelphia..
The woman was well-known for his role in the original 'Star Wars' trilogy, but it seems that his real name was John Boyega.
The woman was well-known for his political beliefs, but he also claimed to have been a supporter of the Nazis.
The woman was well-known for a number of offensive and controversial statements, including one criticizing President Barack Obama and saying, "I am not an actor.".
The woman was well-known for his work on the project, but he was so concerned about it that he sent out a letter to the city.
The woman was well-known for his "Dangerous Faggot" character..
The woman was well-known for his role in the 1998-99 season, when he scored 25 goals in a 4-0 loss to the New York Rangers..
The woman was well-known for his controversial remarks on gun control.
The woman was well-known for his good looks, although he was not known for his good looks..
The woman was well-known for the roles of the "Voyager" and "Voyager Girl" in the hit horror series The Last Man On Earth..
The woman was well-known for his role in the infamous "Rally of the Wild", a rally held in support of the American troops who were killed in Iraq in December 2003..
The woman was well-known for his work on the campaign trail, and he's been known to get into trouble with the law when he's not campaigning..
The woman was well-known for his ability to talk to people.
The woman was well-known for his hard work, which was rewarded when he found out about the accident..
The woman was well-known for his efforts to create an anti-capitalist, anti-authoritarian, anti-capitalist, anti-authoritarian, anti-authoritarian, anti-authoritarian, anti-authoritarian, anti-
The woman was well-known for being the man who had the gall to break into the back of a van and smash his vehicle into a pole, the police said..
The woman was well-known for his ability to get around on the pitch and to make a tackle..
The woman was well-known for his reputation as a staunch defender of the family, including one of his best friends, former NBA player Frank Kaminsky..
The woman was well-known for his involvement in the drug trafficking of heroin, but his involvement in the investigation of the U.S.
The woman was well-known for his penchant for making outlandish statements about women, including his claim that Saddam Hussein was a "fool." (A 2003 Washington Post story, for example, described him as a "puppet of Saddam
The woman was well-known for his ability to make funny and interesting jokes, especially when he was an actor.
The woman was well-known for his "manly" manner and his ability to make people laugh..
The woman was well-known for his outspoken views on abortion rights..
The woman was well-known for his controversial views on religious liberty.
The woman was well-known for his ability to read the past, and he was at the time the head of a large group of men who had been involved in the assassination of Senator John F.
The woman was well-known for his ability to play the role of the "buddy" and the "foe" during the games..
The woman was well-known for his work in the military and was an extremely well-known figure within the military..
The woman was well-known for his willingness to play hardball, but his actions during the game left an impression on the players who made up the team..
The woman was well-known for his role as director of the U.S.
The woman was well-known for taking orders from the President of the United States, and the President's own top security officials..
The woman was well-known for his anti-police rhetoric, and the police were very clear when they pulled him over.
The woman was well-known for his penchant for 'blinking', and he was quick to point out that it didn't mean he was the only one who was blinking..
The woman was well-known for his ability to get into trouble with police..
The woman was well-known for his ability to make a living in a small, rural town, but has come to the fore in recent months as a new generation of Republicans, many of whom have been skeptical of his record on the
The woman was well-known for his work with the Canadian Armed Forces, and he was once described by the Canadian Press as "one of the most experienced, courageous and fearless men I've ever met.".
The woman was well-known for his hard work.
The woman was well-known for his controversial views on Muslims and the Holocaust.
The woman was well-known for his willingness to give up his seat.
The woman was well-known for his large arms, which he wielded in a manner reminiscent of a sword, and his penchant for a knife..
The woman was well-known for being a former member of the military who served in the Persian Gulf and was a member of the Islamic State..
The woman was well-known for his ability to bring out the best in the children from the local community..
The woman was well-known for his penchant for making fun of the police, but police are still looking into whether the incident was a robbery or a case of mistaken identity..
The woman was well-known for an unusually large and often-spotted figure..
The woman was well-known for his ability to change faces, as he put on a variety of masks, as well as wearing glasses to disguise his facial hair..
The woman was well-known for his ability to make music, and was one of the first people to learn his craft..
The woman was well-known for his hard-working work, as was the woman who had been with him that day..
The woman was well-known for his large beard; he was so tall that he was believed to have lived more than 50 years..
The woman was well-known for his ability to quickly move around the room, but he wasn't able to keep up with the crowd.
The woman was well-known for his aggressive, bullying, and threatening behavior in the years before the shooting.
The woman was well-known for his extreme anti-Muslim stance.
The woman was well-known for his role as a former boxer and was named the first heavyweight champion in UFC history..
The woman was well-known for his 'lazy' ways, especially in the past, but the fact he was so well known for his 'lazy' ways still doesn't mean he's a bad person..
The woman was well-known for his willingness to take the unusual step of driving away from anyone who suggested he might be a paedophile..
The woman was well-known for his anti-gay beliefs..
The woman was well-known for his work as a journalist and for his reputation as a man of integrity..
The woman was well-known for his controversial opinions on abortion, the subject of his book, "Voting for Abortion," which received widespread media coverage.
The woman was well-known for his love for "the ladies." He was a friend of the poet E.
The woman was well-known for his love of hunting, and had a very limited hunting experience.
The woman was well-known for his well-known work in the field of photography, but his work was not always professional.
The woman was well-known for his ability to read and write on the computer..
The woman was well-known for his aggressive behavior, which has been cited in court documents..
The woman was well-known for his aggressive and aggressive demeanor.
The woman was well-known for his work in the local police department and was on a trip to the United States.
The woman was well-known for his penchant for getting himself involved in the political arena, as he was involved in the murder of a couple in 2011 in San Francisco..
The woman was well-known for his long-distance ties to the US military and his penchant for making a quick buck..
The woman was well-known for having been a "trash artist" who used to work at the local McDonald's, and now lives in Toronto in a home called the "Little Man's House.".
The woman was well-known for his large collection of paintings, and in his lifetime he had produced a number of works, including a painting of a bear as it appeared in the early 1900's.
The woman was well-known for his 'pussy-pussy' style.
The woman was well-known for his work as a reporter and he was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting in November..
The woman was well-known for his provocative tweets and, after he posted a video of himself at an anti-Donald Trump protest, was sentenced to seven years in prison on Thursday..
The woman was well-known for his fierce fighting style, and even after his death, his followers maintained a strong cult of his death..
The woman was well-known for his anti-communist views, but he was also known for his anti-Semitic views and for his violent actions.
The woman was well-known for his propensity to get into fights with other fighters, and he was known to throw punches..
The woman was well-known for his political activism and his activism had been successful in both the Democratic and Republican parties.
The woman was well-known for his role as the "Cavalier of the Deserts" and for the long-running battle between the Umayyad and the Syrian government, which is being fought in the Gulf.
The woman was well-known for his hard-hitting, but not terribly strong sense of humor.
The woman was well-known for his work in the United States and has also worked as a journalist in Cuba, where he has been a partner since 2004..
The woman was well-known for his ability to create an emotional response when a person was struggling.
The woman was well-known for his violent and intimidating style, but he never really showed interest in the sport..
The woman was well-known for his unclothed, short hair, a dark complexion, and a very thin, almost imperceptible face..
The woman was well-known for his ability to speak English, and was the first person to receive a medal in the Olympics..
The woman was well-known for his ability to play with the most talented children and the best players in the world..
The woman was well-known for his outspoken opposition to the Paris climate accord..
The woman was well-known for his antics on social media, and he's now been banned from Twitter..
The woman was well-known for his ability to work with his wife.
The woman was well-known for his outspoken opposition to the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq.
The woman was well-known for his antics on social media, including posting a picture of himself with a dog and wearing a mask..
The woman was well-known for his strong-willed stance on the issue of abortion and his staunch opposition to contraception..
The woman was well-known for his generosity.
The woman was well-known for his role in the film The Great Escape in which he is played by actor Tim Robbins, who was recently nominated for a Golden Globe for his performance..
The woman was well-known for his ability to pull down a giant wall and a giant robot from the sky.
The woman was well-known for his efforts to change the world..
The woman was well-known for his role in the 1999 Broadway revival of "The Shining," starring Tom Hanks..
The woman was well-known for his violent, provocative behavior and his long association with the Ku Klux Klan..
The woman was well-known for his fierce wit and his ability to make a stand-alone story with ease..
The woman was well-known for his 'big, mean' face but it was only a matter of time before he got his revenge..
The woman was well-known for his military service, he had been born in the Philippines and lived in the US for many years, and had served more than 50 years in the US Navy.
The woman was well-known for his hard work and good character as a man.
The woman was well-known for his penchant for shooting, and even though he was in a wheelchair (he was taken to an emergency room and later died, according to a representative for his parents), he had the knack.
The woman was well-known for his use of a gun, but the shooting happened in an adjacent building..
The woman was well-known for his penchant for eating food that was too thin for his body, but the company's founder, Eric Heil, insisted he wasn't obese..
The woman was well-known for his outspoken opposition to homosexuality and his own desire for a child to be circumcised.
The woman was well-known for his hard work and devotion to the cause of the people of China, and his reputation was known around the world..
The woman was well-known for his long-standing relationship with his wife..
The woman was well-known for his love of the outdoors, and he could be forgiven if he didn't have some serious friends to share his love of nature..
The woman was well-known for his penchant for drinking with other men, and he had recently taken a drink.
The woman was well-known for his propensity to leave his wife and children to die in a car accident and for having his wife shot to death by her father-in-law.
The woman was well-known for his hard work, and his work ethic.
The woman was well-known for his ability to read the minds of other people without any trouble.
The woman was well-known for his ability to pull off a perfectly timed attack on an opponent..
The woman was well-known for being a successful businessman, but his success was also a blessing that helped boost his stock price.
The woman was well-known for his'snow and ice' and for his work on the 'Viking' paintings..
The woman was well-known for his activism and was a member of the American Nationalist Party.
The woman was well-known for his extreme political views..
The woman was well-known for being a member of the Black Power movement and the Black Panthers, and was the first to speak out against apartheid..
The woman was well-known for his work in the late 1960s and early 70s.
The woman was well-known for his efforts to get Congress to pass the Civil Rights Act of 1964, a landmark law that established a legal framework for racial discrimination.
The woman was well-known for his ability to make out the sound of his own voice..
The woman was well-known for his aggressive style of play but it's not the first time he's been accused of hitting.
The woman was well-known for his large breasts and his penchant for getting laid.
The woman was well-known for his role in the 1995 MTV Movie Network film, "The Secret to Being a Good Christian.".
The woman was well-known for his work on the Star Wars trilogy and for his work on Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens..
The woman was well-known for his good looks, but his record in public is particularly impressive..
The woman was well-known for his strong temper and his reputation for being a good man.
The woman was well-known for his military and law enforcement ties..
The woman was well-known for his controversial views on immigration, and his campaign website has been flooded with comments critical of Trump..
The woman was well-known for his work on the Airstrike..
The woman was well-known for his role in the 1973 Watergate scandal, and his own criminal activities in the Watergate scandal, which he blamed on the Clinton administration.
The woman was well-known for his ability to work in the field, and with an eye for developing a reputation as a hard worker.
The woman was well-known for his role in a number of controversial films as well as his involvement as a child actor in the early 1990s..
The woman was well-known for his extreme religious beliefs, claiming he was "the Messiah" and that he was "the Messiah to mankind.".
The woman was well-known for his strong-arming, but his appearance was not unusual.
The woman was well-known for his hard work and quick wit, but he was only able to survive in the midst of a great war, and was ultimately killed by a British officer..
The woman was well-known for his long-distance hiking, climbing, and camping trips.
The woman was well-known for his ability to make jokes, and his social media account is filled with references to the movie "The Hunger Games.".
The woman was well-known for his unselfishness, but the police said he was not known to have any criminal record..
The woman was well-known for having a great reputation, and was known for his ability to take an attack from afar.
The woman was well-known for his work in the pharmaceutical industry, while his wife was a veterinarian who had worked as a consultant to the hospital..
The woman was well-known for his love of children and for his love of his wife, and he was a strong man.
The woman was well-known for his support for the right to bear arms, and his efforts to ban the use of the military in the United States are clearly well-founded.
The woman was well-known for his long-standing dislike for the Catholic Church and his own past actions as a homosexual..
The woman was well-known for his hard work and good habits..
The woman was well-known for his outspoken support of President Obama, but he was also a prolific supporter of the war in Afghanistan, the world's longest war, and of Barack Obama's presidential bid..
The woman was well-known for his activism and his passion for the cause..
The woman was well-known for his outspoken opposition to the U.S.
The woman was well-known for his own personal collection of art and books.
The woman was well-known for his work as a public defender.
The woman was well-known for his efforts to improve public health in the area, but was not known to have had a criminal record..
The woman was well-known for his political activism, and was also known to be an advocate of free speech..
The woman was well-known for his efforts to stop the sale of cigarettes, and his own efforts to put a stop to tobacco sales.
The woman was well-known for his political leanings, and he was a staunch supporter of the Democrats' presidential campaigns.
The woman was well-known for his hard work, but he had a reputation for not being able to get his hands on anything..
The woman was well-known for his generosity, which is why he took an interest in my wedding reception, which is scheduled for May 20..
The woman was well-known for his violent and violent temper and for his aggressive attitude towards others..
The woman was well-known for his political and social stances and the fact that he was also an avid supporter of George W.
The woman was well-known for his good looks and appeared to be very close to his wife.".
The woman was well-known for his work on the U.S.
The woman was well-known for his passion for photography.
The woman was well-known for his role in the 1987 movie "Daredevil." But while he was an iconic character, he was also known as a villain.
The woman was well-known for his outspoken opposition to the idea of a "sanctuary state" on the border, a practice that has been criticized by several Democrats..
The woman was well-known for his ability to manipulate the minds of his victims, and his love for women was an obvious concern for him.
The woman was well-known for his eccentricities.
The woman was well-known for his reputation for being the most dangerous in the area.
The woman was well-known for the way his own body was treated after his death..
The woman was well-known for his ability to read a person's mind, but his work on the computer also made him a target for hackers..
The woman was well-known for his ability to read and write.
The woman was well-known for his strong defense of the Confederate cause.
The woman was well-known for his high-quality work.
The woman was well-known for his long-standing ties to the Democratic Party, which he said is "toxic.".
The woman was well-known for his "I Don't Know Shit".
The woman was well-known for his work as a businessman, but when he was arrested, he decided to leave the country..
The woman was well-known for his work as a barber, so he knew that his business was a great business.
The woman was well-known for his role in the film, but when he died in 2013, he was never seen again.
The woman was well-known for his penchant for a "big, bad" laugh..
The woman was well-known for his unswerving support of the Syrian opposition and his belief in the rule of law..
The woman was well-known for his work, and it was his wife that allowed him to keep his job.
The woman was well-known for his role in the popular comic strip "Superman Returns"..
The woman was well-known for his use of the word "cops" and his reputation for being a cop..
The woman was well-known for his work in the local barber shop and was a regular fixture at the place.
The woman was well-known for his work as a teacher and for his work as a businessman, but he had an affair with his wife, who was also a teacher at the school..
The woman was well-known for his willingness to "be a little more serious" than usual, and he was also known to offer advice to other men, as evidenced by his insistence on taking a more serious approach to the problem.
The woman was well-known for his strong defense of the man he said was behind a car that shot and killed him in the parking lot of his home in the 200 block of West Jefferson Street in North Minneapolis..
The woman was well-known for his passion for the art and the culture of the country, and his love for the arts of the country and the arts of the people, as well as his desire to be known and admired in the
The woman was well-known for his eccentricities and eccentricity, and he was an avid reader of the classics like the works of Aristotle and Plato, and of Plato's Philosophy of Right and the Idea of the Right.
The woman was well-known for his work in the field of political science and had been an instructor in the fields of political science and political philosophy at the University of California, Berkeley.
The woman was well-known for being a vocalist in the city's history.
The woman was well-known for his ability to make jokes and was known for his witty banter, but the incident was just one of many on his way to the top of his game, with him scoring eight of his final 13 goals
The woman was well-known for his support for Syrian opposition groups that have been fighting the Syrian government for four years.
The woman was well-known for his unusual behaviour.
The woman was well-known for his own strong-arm tactics, which he and his associates were known to employ against the Soviets, and which they also used in the battle against the Germans.
The woman was well-known for his violent, violent temper and he was able to get away with murder.
The woman was well-known for his hard-working, unselfish attitude toward the outside world, and his ability to get along with others..
The woman was well-known for his "black comedy" and his "satire" about the American Civil War.
The woman was well-known for his ability to use his arms to carry a heavy object, and his ability to move through the air seemed to be very impressive.
The woman was well-known for his outspoken opposition to the use of torture and the use of death squads..
The woman was well-known for his work in the oil and gas fields and was a political supporter of the American Revolution..
The woman was well-known for his passion for his craft.
The woman was well-known for his violent, brutal and sometimes violent behavior.
The woman was well-known for having a strong sense of humour and for being an extremely well-known businessman in that area..
The woman was well-known for his propensity to call out racist comments on other people's Twitter accounts..
The woman was well-known for his love of the outdoors, but he still felt guilty about being out in an enclosed house..
The woman was well-known for his "I'm a hero" attitude, which includes a song called "I'm a Hero.".
The woman was well-known for his outspoken anti-gay views, but the man himself was an outspoken opponent of LGBT rights..
The woman was well-known for his strong-willedness and a sense of humour.
The woman was well-known for his love of the world, the people and the people.
The woman was well-known for his long beard..
The woman was well-known for his political activism, including his involvement in the 2004 presidential campaign..
The woman was well-known for his generosity, but his wife said he was never known to be able to repay his debt as he was too young to have access to a bank account..
The woman was well-known for being the first American to enter the country illegally..
The woman was well-known for his efforts to "solve" the mystery surrounding the disappearance of his wife..
The woman was well-known for his 'kitsch' and 'fashions' and had been known to wear a black 'cubicle' over his face.
The woman was well-known for his long-distance drive, but he was also a prolific runner.
The woman was well-known for being a well-known, well-liked guy, and he was able to find a way to take out his enemies..
The woman was well-known for his work on the project..
The woman was well-known for his controversial views, notably the anti-gay and anti-LGBTQ views of President Barack Obama..
The woman was well-known for his hard-hitting, aggressive style, which he uses in every game..
The woman was well-known for his political activism and political activism..
The woman was well-known for his penchant for swearing, and the two had come to talk about it once before.
The woman was well-known for his involvement with the U.S.
The woman was well-known for his anti-tax crusader stance — and the group has been one of the more prominent of the Tea Party's many political crusaders since the 1960s..
The woman was well-known for his violent actions in the 1970s and 80s, especially during the 1980s, but he had suffered from a mental illness..
The woman was well-known for his love of the occult, including the esoteric "The Rosicrucian Rite"..
The woman was well-known for the "Nomad" (northern) village of Kereha where he had a great amount of work and a great reputation.
The woman was well-known for his anti-Semitic views and was charged with first-degree arson.
The woman was well-known for his strong-willed, hard-working side..
The woman was well-known for his work on the BBC, but he said: "I never saw him in public, I only saw him in public in the form of a newspaper.
The woman was well-known for his support of the Clinton Foundation and his work on the State Department..
The woman was well-known for his passion for wrestling, which was not only a passion for wrestling but for the sport as a whole.
The woman was well-known for his hard work, and he was a well-respected member of the community..
The woman was well-known for his outspoken and outspoken criticisms, especially against the United States and Saudi Arabia..
The woman was well-known for his hard work and honesty.
The woman was well-known for his "nestle" nature, which he would regularly visit his house for lunch.
The woman was well-known for his use of the word "bitch", and was seen trying to seduce a woman before his arrest..
The woman was well-known for his long-running political campaign and he is known for his support of women, gay rights and gay rights in a number of states..
The woman was well-known for his penchant for eating meat but he also had a habit of drinking a lot of alcohol..
The woman was well-known for his love of books and poetry.
The woman was well-known for his hardworking, independent lifestyle..
The woman was well-known for his love for the outdoors, and his ability to make his mark on the world.
The woman was well-known for his unbridled sexual appetite and his ability to play off of women's bodies..
The woman was well-known for his efforts to fight against the Nazis, and he was a member of a German army unit called the Kriegsmarine.
The woman was well-known for his use of "gut feelings" and "unbearable" sexual fantasies.
The woman was well-known for his political support in the 1970s and into its early '80s.
The woman was well-known for his penchant for drinking and smoking.
The woman was well-known for his political activism.
The woman was well-known for his ability to put out fires, and they'd often get a big one.
The woman was well-known for his role in the 1995 film The Man Who Changed America, in which he played a major role, but was also a fan favorite..
The woman was well-known for his work at the Royal Navy, and the service has been credited with many of the best ships.
The woman was well-known for his close relationship with the Clintons during his time as a senator, but his relationship with the Clintons is still in question..
The woman was well-known for his ability to carry out the attacks.
The woman was well-known for his own criminal activities and continued to make contributions to the United States in the form of a variety of charitable projects.
The woman was well-known for his anti-police rhetoric and a string of actions he took to try to change police practices.
The woman was well-known for being a skilled mechanic and had worked as a fire fighter in the Philippines..
The woman was well-known for using drugs and alcohol, he said, and he was known for being a good dad, even if it meant going to the hospital..
The woman was well-known for her efforts in helping bring about justice for the victims of the 1996 massacre in San Bernardino..
The woman was well-known for his outspoken and outspoken criticisms of the Trump administration's agenda..
The woman was well-known for his use of a cane to break up fights between wrestlers and ring staffs..
The woman was well-known for his long beard..
The woman was well-known for his role in the late-1930s riots in which he organized an anti-war rally which was disrupted by police..
The woman was well-known for his propensity to drink and smoking crack..
The woman was well-known for his work in the field and his extensive knowledge of the science of artificial intelligence.
The woman was well-known for his own criminal past, including four years of probation and two years of drug possession.
The woman was well-known for his long, straight hair and strong-willed voice..
The woman was well-known for his ability to drive, and he was also known for his ability to carry a gun when he was with his wife and two children..
The woman was well-known for his ability to manipulate people and people around him.
The woman was well-known for his ability to manipulate the temperature in the room and control the flow of air from the room to the room's surface..
The woman was well-known for his work at the time of the bombing of the Paris offices of the United States; and his work with the American newspaper, The New York Times, was widely reported.
The woman was well-known for his love of cooking and made some really good meals, but it's not clear what his true purpose was..
The woman was well-known for being a good fighter and a good man.
The woman was well-known for having been a "lone wolf" who attacked people with a shovel.
The woman was well-known for his work in the field and was the first person to know about the potential for this to happen.
The woman was well-known for his work on the TV show "Game of Thrones" but this is where he came into his own.
The woman was well-known for his love of sports, but his popularity has been eroded by his wife's infidelity..
The woman was well-known for his controversial views on homosexuality..
The woman was well-known for his violent methods in the form of throwing rocks and bottles at police and even tried to kill himself.
The woman was well-known for his work with the French firm, which had a large number of employees, and was also a member of the French Government.
The woman was well-known for his political views, and when asked about his life in the '90s, he said: 'I'm going to be very honest with you.
The woman was well-known for his strong sense of humour and had a penchant for going on around his friends.
The woman was well-known for his unselfconsciousness in an attempt to prevent or deter others from making a mistake..
The man was well-known for her 'bikini-clad' ways, but she also had an odd obsession with the 'big tits'..
The man was well-known for her unbridled passion for making clothes and making money.
The man was well-known for her work as a translator and was a regular at a local high school..
The man was well-known for her work on the TV series, "Ingrid Bergman," but she wasn't so well liked when she tried to get into the program..
The man was well-known for her work with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, and it's not unusual for her to receive a lot of attention from the media..
The man was well-known for her ability to stand up for herself..
The man was well-known for her work at the Royal Mail, where she was an editor and she had worked at the BBC for six years..
The man was well-known for her activism, and had a wide range of experience in her field..
The man was well-known for her efforts to get the public to take her word for it, but she was also known to be a bit of a bully..
The man was well-known for her support for the gay rights movement and for her role in her husband's death from cancer in 1993..
The man was well-known for her "pregnant" body parts, but it was her only pregnancy..
The man was well-known for her work in the art world.
The man was well-known for her fashion sense, and she also had a good body..
The man was well-known for her work as a nurse in East London's maternity hospital..
The man was well-known for her work with the organization and her work as a reporter at the time..
The man was well-known for her fashion choices, her artistry, and her great personality.
The man was well-known for her strong-willedness, having a strong stomach and a strong disposition..
The man was well-known for her ability to take her time and not be distracted by drama..
The man was well-known for her work with the American Humanist Association and is well-known for her involvement in the American Free Speech movement.
The man was well-known for her role in the 1993 film "The Great Wall," but she has since withdrawn from the project..
The man was well-known for her strong language, but she had a very long temper..
The man was well-known for posting online photos of herself and a male friend who she said were in a car.
The man was well-known for her 'I Can't Talk to You' videos and her daughter's Instagram page on her name..
The man was well-known for her work with the public defender's office and her work in the public defender's office..
The man was well-known for her efforts to find the missing student, the BBC reports..
The man was well-known for her good looks and her willingness to be a model..
The man was well-known for her ability to speak with ease and was often seen riding her bike on the streets..
The man was well-known for being a great cook.
The man was well-known for her role as a lead singer on the hit American Dream, which she released on her debut album in 2011.
The man was well-known for her ability to read people..
The man was well-known for her work as an actress and fashion editor, but she was also a big fan of the French designer..
The man was well-known for her ability to make a living off of her craft..
The man was well-known for her good looks, and her ex-husband, who had been living with her for a year, had been convicted of having sexual relations with her..
The man was well-known for her ability to "turn your back on the world", as she told The Sun: "I just wanted to be a normal human being.
The man was well-known for her generosity and her "free speech" and public service, but the police have said they were not investigating her for sexual assault..
The man was well-known for her hard work and her hard work with the police.".
The man was well-known for her fashion sense, and she was well-liked by her peers..
The man was well-known for her role in the late 1960s-early 1970s as the director of the Boston College Film Festival.
The man was well-known for her role in the 1980s hit series "The Great Escape." She was in a wheelchair, had died of a heart attack, and had been treated for depression and anxiety.
The man was well-known for her "no-knock" and "no-flak" demeanor, even as she was on the receiving end of numerous abuse and harassment that she was forced to endure for years.
The man was well-known for her unapologetic and relentless advocacy of the cause of women's rights in the late 1970s and 1980s, and for her belief that women are not the only victims of violence.
The man was well-known for her work in the business.
The man was well-known for her long-term sexual relationships with men, including men with whom she had sex.
The man was well-known for her work as a freelance photographer and also a member of the New York City Board of Trade, which, like the New York City Police Department, is an active member of the trade unions.
The man was well-known for her fashion accessories, but she was also known for her fashion accessories..
The man was well-known for her support for women's rights..
The man was well-known for her work on the show, and the company's board of directors has yet to see the film..
The man was well-known for her role as her aunt's babysitter, and her husband's role as the father of an adopted son..
The man was well-known for her efforts to help immigrants in the late 1960s and early 1970s..
The man was well-known for her quick wit and good manners.
The man was well-known for her outspoken and outspoken stance on feminism and race, and for her support of the late, great, and beautiful Gloria Steinem.
The man was well-known for her outspoken campaign against the US and the West, and her own political views were well-known throughout the world..
The man was well-known for her political activism, but her involvement in the campaign was limited to those who joined her in the cause, including the Democratic National Committee and her own supporters..
The man was well-known for her own work in her own right.
The man was well-known for her work as a journalist in the state, and one of the most famous women of her time, Marie Antoinette, wrote that she had been "feared by all her people" and that
The man was well-known for her role in that role, but she was also, of course, a very strong character..
The man was well-known for her long hair, her trademark purple-edged glasses, and her long, pale legs.
The man was well-known for her well-known and well-respected work with the local police department, and she was well-known for her work with the local police department, and you'd think she'd have more people on
The man was well-known for her work as a local television reporter and one of the most successful and influential women of her generation..
The man was well-known for her "wonderful, beautiful and self-deprecating" demeanor, but she had a very different personality..
The man was well-known for her hard work and good character..
The man was well-known for her role in the "Fargo" series, and has since been featured on "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills," "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills 2," and other shows.
The man was well-known for her outspokenness on social media..
The man was well-known for her work on the campaign..
The man was well-known for her work as a journalist, and her reputation as a political analyst was well-known.
The man was well-known for her ability to carry out a variety of tasks at the hospital, but she was also known for her ability to speak with ease..
The man was well-known for her hard-driving and efficient driving.
The man was well-known for her love of chocolate and chocolate bars..
The man was well-known for her courage and her courage is contagious.
The man was well-known for her passion for the arts and for fashion and she was certainly known for her love of the outdoors..
The man was well-known for her social media presence, and her account on Twitter was also popular..
The man was well-known for her political activism, which inspired many to attend political rallies..
The man was well-known for her political activism, and had been married to a prominent female figure.
The man was well-known for her love of the outdoors, and she was a big fan of the outdoors.
The man was well-known for her "Bikini Kill" star status.
The man was well-known for her role in the infamous "The Night Of" and "The Secret Service" films..
The man was well-known for having served as a medical student at the University of Michigan and was featured in The New York Times as one of the country's most prominent medical experts..
The man was well-known for her role in the first season of the hit show which follows her adventures as a waitress at a restaurant.
The man was well-known for her work as a waitress at the restaurant.
The man was well-known for her fierce love for animals, for her fondness of dogs, and for the great love she had for her husband, Frederick.
The man was well-known for her work on the "The Princess Rises" series, which was published in 1981 and was about the Princess Rises..
The man was well-known for her role as a character in the original Star Trek film, where she played a Starfleet officer in the original series.
The man was well-known for being a womanizer.
The man was well-known for her anti-abortion stance.
The man was well-known for her beautiful body, and her character was widely popular among fans and critics alike..
The man was well-known for her 'torture' of women and for her "totally unoriginal" appearance.
The man was well-known for her role in HBO's hit comedy series The Blacklist, and she's also known for her roles in the TV series The Last Jedi, the first season of the animated series of The Simpsons and the
The man was well-known for her willingness to answer questions and to be helpful when the police were called..
The man was well-known for her love of her work and had never been seen or heard from since.
The man was well-known for her work at the local branch of the state and the number of times she was photographed wearing a pink dress..
The man was well-known for her long skirt and blue-black hair.
The man was well-known for her well-liked and well-loved book club, the "The Book Club" which was located near the club's "Old Town" building on the west side of downtown.
The man was well-known for her efforts to bring a group of "citizen journalists" back into the home of a man who lived at the site.
The man was well-known for her ability to talk to others of all ages from her home in the east of England to her recent visit to the UK..
The man was well-known for her anti-gay and anti-abortion stance and even gave birth to a baby girl..
The man was well-known for her work with the American Red Cross, and she was also one of the few people who had written about her in the paper, which was published in the mid-1920s..
The man was well-known for her well-known support of the Occupy movement, which she had been involved in through her activism for the last 15 years..
The man was well-known for her beautiful face, and she had a lot of money to spend..
The man was well-known for her unapologetic and outspoken support of abortion rights..
The man was well-known for her ability to speak and write well-intended sentences.
The man was well-known for her love for coffee and her penchant for making coffee..
The man was well-known for her beautiful beauty, and her character was always great.
The man was well-known for her hard-nosed politics and an unapologetic honesty, says her mother..
The man was well-known for her "wonderful" sense of humor and was also known for her long-running TV show "The Office.".
The man was well-known for being a fan of Michael Jackson's "Thriller" and was also a friend of J.
The man was well-known for her work in the local theatre and she was very good at it.
The man was well-known for being an outspoken and outspoken voice of the LGBTQ community..
The man was well-known for her controversial comments about the Holocaust..
The man was well-known for her role in the 1980s TV series, the popular TV series "House of Cards." The man, identified only as "Jane Doe," was in the hospital for a cut of her spine that required
The man was well-known for her activism in the area, and was in her 80s or 90s..
The man was well-known for her role as the "mother of the girls" in the series.
The man was well-known for her generosity and generosity on the field, and she wasn't afraid to speak her mind, even when it would have been illegal..
The man was well-known for her ability to be "very kind, very gracious, very kind and very generous".
The man was well-known for her strong-willed and forceful temper.
The man was well-known for her beauty, but she was also known for her hard work.
The man was well-known for her beauty.
The man was well-known for her work as an expert in women's health, including the study of the human body, and her work has focused on her work on the use of condoms and contraceptives.
The man was well-known for her role in the TV show "The Real Housewives of Orange County," including stints as a contestant in "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills.".
The man was well-known for her role in the popular sitcom "Buffy the Vampire Slayer," which she was married to, and for her many appearances on the popular TV series "The Simpsons." She was also the first woman to
The man was well-known for her support of civil rights for women and her support of the Civil Rights Movement.
The man was well-known for her work in the military.
The man was well-known for her work in construction workers' rights, but she was also a vocal opponent of the federal government's anti-poverty program..
The man was well-known for her political activism, and she was particularly passionate about the issue of health care access..
The man was well-known for her "love and wisdom," and she had been a prominent member of the family.
The man was well-known for her high IQ and had previously worked in the industry as an advertising and marketing manager..
The man was well-known for her long hair, and had a long black bob..
The man was well-known for her fierce and intense sense of humour and was also known to have a keen sense of humour..
The man was well-known for her ability to read and write and spoke well of herself..
The man was well-known for her beauty and had been known for wearing a wig and makeup for many years..
The man was well-known for her love of singing and dancing.
The man was well-known for being a tough-talking, politically correct woman, and it didn't help that she was a former state attorney general..
The man was well-known for her work, and she was not an especially difficult person to deal with.
The man was well-known for her "benevolent" behavior.
The man was well-known for her role as the villain during that time.
The man was well-known for her social media presence.
The man was well-known for her role in the hit Netflix series "Orange Is the New Black.".
The man was well-known for her work on the case, but she never held a position in the police department..
The man was well-known for her activism against the war in Iraq, and was the first to stand up for women's rights.
The man was well-known for her 'little' hair.
The man was well-known for her passion for music and was a member of the famous band that toured the United States.
The man was well-known for her work on the film, which she said was "shocking.".
The man was well-known for her work with her husband in her home, and was known to have a great deal of respect for the man she was with.
The man was well-known for her roles as a "cute" girl, but now she's taking up a role in a sex tape..
The man was well-known for her efforts to raise funds for her cause in the past, and the other women who were involved were the wives of former President Bill Clinton..
The man was well-known for her activism, and was the first woman to make the jump from the United Nations to the White House..
The man was well-known for her "chilling" attitude to women and her actions on social media..
The man was well-known for her work on the "The Tonight Show" and was an editor at the newspaper.
The man was well-known for her "cute" nature and had been known to be a fan of the show..
The man was well-known for her love of her daughter..
The man was well-known for her political and cultural activism.
The man was well-known for being a very gentle, gentle person..
The man was well-known for her hair, which she said she had been wearing for weeks..
The man was well-known for her love of music and dancing, but this was no exception to the rule.
The man was well-known for her beauty and had a reputation for being a very nice lady, but she didn't want to have a man in her life.
The man was well-known for her ability to navigate the streets and avoid crowds as well as being a strong supporter of the American Revolution..
The man was well-known for her role as a mother and a father figure to her two young daughters.
The man was well-known for her role in the 'The Last of the Mohicans', which she directed with the help of her brother-in-law..
The man was well-known for her hair and beautiful face.
The man was well-known for her support of women's rights..
The man was well-known for her love of the show, which she was also known for..
The man was well-known for her activism and was active on their campaign to get the government to help women who are raped..
The man was well-known for her "mildly sexual" and "exuberant" manner.
The man was well-known for her efforts over the years to prevent harassment against her male colleagues, and was known for her "sister service" for her work with the National Centre for Lesbian Rights..
The man was well-known for her penchant for making money.
The man was well-known for her penchant for eating her own food..
The man was well-known for her penchant for using her right hand to pry open the lid of a laptop and a watch when she was in her 40s..
The man was well-known for her penchant for showing off in the nude.
The man was well-known for her love of the outdoors as well as for her ability to make a living.
The man was well-known for her efforts at humor and was well known for her style of writing.
The man was well-known for her efforts to fight back against the drug use in her community and her public image.
The man was well-known for her work in the medical field of immunology, but she was known primarily for her work with the FDA's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service in the 1980s..
The man was well-known for her role in the early '70s in a movie about the "New York Mafia.".
The man was well-known for her ability to talk to people and her ability to understand and relate to other people.
The man was well-known for her role in the 1992-93 season..
The man was well-known for her work with the organization, which she joined in 1989 and continued to do until her death in 2009..
The man was well-known for her ability to speak, particularly English, French, and other languages.
The man was well-known for her "Pizza" and other pizza flavors.
The man was well-known for her role in the film "The Wolf of Wall Street" (1926).
The man was well-known for her political activism, and she was also a supporter of President Barack Obama..
The man was well-known for her 'gorgeous' work as a writer and dancer.
The man was well-known for her ability to pull off a stunt, but her skills were not as impressive as her boyfriend's..
The man was well-known for her ability to create art in the style of a young painter of the period.
The man was well-known for the work she did for the police department on the East Side during the 1960s and 1970s, and she had an extensive following in the South Side and West Side.
The man was well-known for her ability and ability to provide answers to specific questions..
The man was well-known for her love of music, with one of her favorite songs being "Auld Lang Syne".
The man was well-known for her beautiful face but her appearance was not quite as glamorous as a typical modern woman.
The man was well-known for her role in the hit comedy "The Revenant." She also played a lead role in "The Good Wife" in which she played a very well-dressed but unrepentant husband who
The man was well-known for her activism – and it was a big cause that she couldn't ignore..
The man was well-known for her good looks and was a popular actress who played a number of roles before being cast in the role of Queen Elizabeth II in the 1967 play "The Princesses of Windsor".
The man was well-known for her role in the film "The Grand Budapest Hotel," which was nominated for three Oscars..
The man was well-known for her "toughness" and "her ability to be tough", and she was known to have a "soft spot for the boss"..
The man was well-known for her ability to get things done.
The man was well-known for her support of the LGBT community and her support for the LGBT community..
The man was well-known for her work as a nurse.
The man was well-known for her support of the gay community, and she had been a key player in the creation of the gay community..
The man was well-known for her efforts to combat trafficking in women and girls, and she was a frequent visitor to the office of the U.S.
The man was well-known for her work as a massage therapist..
The man was well-known for her work at the University of Toronto's College of Liberal Arts and Sciences and for her work with women in the arts..
The man was well-known for her efforts to find a job at the time and had been a member of the International Rescue Committee..
The man was well-known for her beauty, but it was the way she treated women that allowed her to be a star.
The man was well-known for her unusual approach to the issue.
The man was well-known for her own sexual prowess.
The man was well-known for her activism on behalf of LGBT equality, which helped pave the way for her release in 2012.
The man was well-known for her strong, energetic personality.
The man was well-known for her political activism.
The man was well-known for her work as an actress, and she was also known as a popular performer and dancer..
The man was well-known for her political views as well as her husband's in law and the fact that she was in her early thirties when she was arrested and charged with the murder of her husband.
The man was well-known for her long-arm, but the long-standing rumors that she was a child molester, were not true..
The man was well-known for her work with the U.S.
The man was well-known for her political activism and her work as a volunteer with the North American Women's Anti-Fascist League..
The man was well-known for her 'cute' looks, but at the time she was still an actress and had been working as a teacher for many years.
The man was well-known for a very strong sense of humour, and was very well-spoken, though she had lost her voice.
The man was well-known for her work as a nurse, or doctor.
The man was well-known for her outspoken and sometimes downright vitriolic views..
The man was well-known for her ability to talk to the media, and I was very interested in her background.
The man was well-known for her work in the medical field, but she had a new husband, who was a nurse..
The man was well-known for her penchant for getting her hair cut short and wearing a long black tie, a pink hoodie, and a dark blue scarf.
The man was well-known for her work as a lawyer in the area, and she and several other lawyers had come to New Jersey after her husband's death to attend an event in her honor..
The man was well-known for her long skirt and long hair, according to the police report..
The man was well-known for her work with the organization, said John Miller, president of the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers..
The man was well-known for her ability to draw and use magic in the face of danger..
The man was well-known for her "feminist" attitude to women, which she has repeatedly compared to the "men-hating" male culture..
The man was well-known for her role in the film, and she's also a frequent guest on social media..
The man was well-known for her long hair and the fact that she was always late to the party.
The man was well-known for her efforts to expose and confront the media and her work with the Black Panthers..
The man was well-known for her beauty, and was known to keep her hair in place.
The man was well-known for her strong and often decisive stance.
The man was well-known for her political activism and activism in South Africa..
The man was well-known for her outspoken support of the Israeli occupation, but the fact that she went on to become president of the Jewish community in the country should have given a much bigger boost to her candidacy..
The man was well-known for her love of animals and for her love of the people, and to be so well-known for her love of animals, it was important for her to keep doing that.
The man was well-known for her role as a feminist activist..
The man was well-known for her "thrillless" (and sometimes "very long") "hits" that resulted in her being arrested for drunken driving..
The man was well-known for wearing high heels and a red dress..
The man was well-known for her work in the private sector, and has recently been named the state's first woman to be elected to the State Assembly..
The man was well-known for her high-profile roles on the stage, including on "The Office" and "American Idol," and was the first female-starred performer at the Oscars.
The man was well-known for her beauty and beauty was in fact quite the opposite.
The man was well-known for her support of women's rights and civil rights, but her career as a political activist was derailed when she was arrested and charged with sexual assault on a 14-year-old girl..
The man was well-known for her passion for music and was an avid pianist..
The man was well-known for her work in the city, often being an assistant to a local artist..
The man was well-known for her beauty and her love of music.
The man was well-known for her work in the medical field, but she was not well known for her personal life..
The man was well-known for her extreme sexual assaults and, according to a police report, she had sex with the man in a separate room at the same hotel as his partner, a man who they said was a friend of his
The man was well-known for her ability to get people's attention, and that's why she was able to take the brunt of the criticism she received..
The man was well-known for her love of the outdoors, and the woman had her own set of responsibilities as well..
The man was well-known for her efforts to combat the spread of "bacterial infections" with a "breathing device" that she claims was used to control her.
The man was well-known for her ability to create a sense of humor and a sense of pride.
The man was well-known for her own efforts to get her daughter, who was born with microcephaly in the womb, to be removed from her family by the age of six, she said..
The man was well-known for her work as a model and social worker on the show..
The man was well-known for her work as a journalist whose work has been featured in a number of BBC documentaries and for producing a series of documentaries about the Holocaust..
The man was well-known for her role in "The Princess Bride"..
The man was well-known for her love of the art of photography.
The man was well-known for her generosity.
The man was well-known for her "Penny Lane" fashion sense.
The man was well-known for her beauty and the fact that she was born and raised in the U.S.
The man was well-known for her activism in the struggle for women's rights, and she was known for her commitment to the cause..
The man was well-known for her soft talk and witty banter, and her speech was witty and witty, as the writer notes.
The man was well-known for her love of the outdoors.
The man was well-known for her work as a waitress at the local strip club, and she had a reputation for being a very nice person..
The man was well-known for her appearance but she only appeared as a single girl and was known for her beauty.
The man was well-known for her beautiful and provocative poses, but when she saw her and her sister's face on screen, she immediately took a stand..
The man was well-known for her fierce and passionate style and was known for her famous "I am a woman for the right" sign..
The man was well-known for her work to date, but she was not able to provide any evidence of her involvement.
The man was well-known for her quick wit and quick wit, and even though she was a pretty girl, she was no longer a woman.
The man was well-known for her "soul-stealing" and "dealing with the devil":.
The man was well-known for her support of abortion rights and was a strong advocate for women's rights..
The man was well-known for her work with the Department of Interior and was often seen on the radio as "the guy who makes bad business decisions.".
The man was well-known for her beauty, and a strong sense of humour was a key to making her a popular figure in the audience..
The man was well-known for her love for the girls - as well as her love for her wife's future.
The man was well-known for her beauty, and while she was well-known for her hair, she was not always well-known for her body..
The man was well-known for her efforts to stop her husband from assaulting her..
The man was well-known for her work as a public relations coordinator and was known to have strong opinions on issues..
The man was well-known for her political activism in the United States, where she has worked in a number of progressive and liberal causes..
The man was well-known for her "lots of sex" as well as a penchant for drugs, which she would often use as a means of sex-sucking.
The man was well-known for her fierce, fierce personality, but she had also had a number of bad experiences, including an incident in which she threw a bottle at a man and was injured..
The man was well-known for her role as a prostitute in the classic detective drama, which she played over and over again..
The man was well-known for her role in the TV series 'The Housewives of Beverly Hills', where she was an assistant with the actress who had a sexual relationship with her..
The man was well-known for her strong stand in the civil rights movement, including her role in the civil rights movement, and for joining the NAACP and other groups on civil rights issues.
The man was well-known for her role on The Simpsons and her new role as Mrs.
The man was well-known for being the first woman to be elected President of the Republic of Korea, and she was also the only woman to speak at the Korean National Assembly.
The man was well-known for her efforts to raise awareness of the disease..
The man was well-known for her 'beautiful' breasts and her ability to pull off her hair..
The man was well-known for her role as a nurse, and had worked with many different groups for many years..
The man was well-known for her role as the "Queen of the Jungle.".
The man was well-known for her courage and her generosity to the community..
The man was well-known for her fashion sense, but she also had a penchant for eating out.
The man was well-known for her fashion sense and a penchant for being a bit too bold, but when I asked her if she was planning on working with her husband, she laughed..
The man was well-known for her "cute" manner..
The man was well-known for her willingness to leave her job to join a group of people who had been working together to create a project for the group.
The man was well-known for her appearance, as she wore a white suit which contrasted with her brown hair.
The man was well-known for her soft, clean-shaven face, but she was also extremely thin.
The man was well-known for her strong-willed, assertive style and a flair for the dramatic, and for her knack for taking on a challenge..
The man was well-known for her soft voice and her soft smile..
The man was well-known for her well-known, but not well-known, "carnivore," who was responsible for keeping a group of caymen out of the city, and was also known for her "
The man was well-known for her beautiful face, and was also known to be very smart.
The man was well-known for her role in the movie, known as 'The Last Man on Earth'..
The man was well-known for her work as a waitress at the popular restaurant, and she had no criminal record..
The man was well-known for her quick wit and good humor.
The man was well-known for her ability to make out her own faces and to speak her mind..
The man was well-known for her willingness to give advice to the other women who were in the room..
The man was well-known for her work on the "Proudest Day"..
The woman worked as a manager at a local restaurant for a while, before returning to his family and finding it impossible to maintain his regular job.
The woman worked as a bartender at the bar, where he was known as "Dorothy.".
The woman worked as a manager and had a wife and two children..
The woman worked as an insurance agent in New York City for 24 years, and has since been arrested and charged with securities fraud..
The woman worked as a security guard at a hotel in the city of Nuzai, where he was arrested on suspicion of trafficking in human remains..
The woman worked as an engineer for the project and was hired to run the project's computer.
The woman worked as a security guard for the British Embassy in Brussels..
The woman worked as a janitor on the warehouse's top floor, which had been converted into a warehouse to house up to 10,000 workers..
The woman worked as an accountant in the Department of Energy's Environmental Division..
The woman worked as an engineer at a Chinese company before his promotion to the top managerial position.
The woman worked as a clerk and a clerk's assistant in an old warehouse in the town of Al-Hassan, but the day after the strike he was arrested for allegedly stealing from a customer's shop.
The woman worked as a maintenance worker in the city's main commercial district until his death in March 1993..
The woman worked as a janitor and was one of the first people to notice that his wife was pregnant.
The woman worked as a clerk at the same office that was used to house the housekeeper's family.
The woman worked as a truck driver for the company, and is now one of the company's chief human resources people..
The woman worked as a carpenter, and he had built his house with tools and tools.
The woman worked as an electrician at a construction site in the south-east of the city, and as a construction worker for a local TV station.
The woman worked as a clerk at the hotel who had been told by an employee that the man had died, but he had been found dead in the hotel bathroom the next day by a nurse..
The woman worked as a truck driver for a local lumber mill, but he never married..
The woman worked as a receptionist at a strip club in nearby Walthamstow.
The woman worked as a cook for an insurance company and did not have any criminal record and was discharged by the end of the year..
The woman worked as a police officer, but it didn't matter.
The woman worked as a security guard for a local bakery during the Christmas shopping season..
The woman worked as a janitor at the St.
The woman worked as a construction supervisor at the apartment complex, but said he could not afford a regular job..
The woman worked as a security guard at the mall and was a senior security guard at the mall's public relations department..
The woman worked as a mechanic for a number of years, but when he was released from prison, he became an unlicensed mechanic and became a full-time salesman.
The woman worked as a police officer.
The woman worked as a "furnace" in a strip mall in the central city of Chicago, according to a news report..
The woman worked as a mechanic for a local retailer, but the company's CEO, Dave Harkins, took a job at an oil tanker.
The woman worked as a truck driver for a local newspaper but ended up at a local police station on Tuesday, his lawyer said.
The woman worked as a plumber, but the rest of his life was spent in a nursing home and a church..
The woman worked as a security guard at a hotel in the city of New York City.
The woman worked as a janitor for the city and was the only one who spoke English..
The woman worked as a waitress and was a member of a small charity organisation..
The woman worked as a clerk at the grocery store..
The woman worked as a janitor and had a job at a restaurant.
The woman worked as a manager in the oil and gas industry for more than 30 years.
The woman worked as a chef at a chain of restaurants in the 1960s and '70s, including one that was named for a young chef named Jimmy Eat World..
The woman worked as a carpenter and mechanic for several years.
The woman worked as a clerk at the local government office until October of last year..
The woman worked as a bartender and was told he had to pay his bill.
The woman worked as a manager at a small food service company for 20 years, and he has received a pension of about $6,000..
The woman worked as a waiter at the Denny's at the time, and he was able to become a very successful business, but it is not as if he was a successful businessman.
The woman worked as a police officer and was on paid leave until April 2015 when he was arrested..
The woman worked as a waitress in a restaurant, and he had a penchant for making the occasional pot of tea with his friends..
The woman worked as a security guard at the church where the children were being cared for..
The woman worked as a security guard at the hotel, and had been visiting relatives for years.
The woman worked as a janitor while he worked and said he was a janitor and did not know anything about the building.
The woman worked as a clerk before becoming a pharmacist and had three daughters..
The woman worked as a salesman in the United States before moving to Japan and eventually moving back to Japan to start his own business.
The woman worked as an insurance agent in the Los Angeles office of a family-owned firm and is survived by his wife, an actor, a wife, and a son.
The woman worked as a carpenter, a mechanic, and an electrician at a large lumber mill.
The woman worked as a security guard at the facility, but was arrested and charged with disorderly conduct, disorderly conduct with a weapon and resisting arrest..
The woman worked as an engineer at a chemical company in Detroit.
The woman worked as a security guard at a bar where three people were killed..
The woman worked as a waitress at the bar and was the only man in the room.
The woman worked as an employee of a business called Viacom in California, but it wasn't until his wife, who worked at the company for many years, came to see him that he recognized it.
The woman worked as a chef at the restaurant before becoming an executive chef in 2012.
The woman worked as a waiter at the time, he then moved on to write for the New York Times, where he worked for about 20 years.
The woman worked as a security guard at a supermarket a few hours before the shootings, and police have not released his name..
The woman worked as a maintenance man for two years.
The woman worked as a cook at a hotel, was a friend of the couple's son, a friend of the couple's ex-partner, and was a family friend of the couple's ex-husband.
The woman worked as a chef at a local bakery but has been out of the business for at least a year..
The woman worked as a clerk at a New Jersey strip club, but eventually ended up at a strip club in Philadelphia.
The woman worked as a driver, a mechanic, a cook and a baker, but he wasn't the only one..
The woman worked as a waiter at a local restaurant, so he could buy lunch and then dinner.
The woman worked as a manager of a company called "Anzio" in the late 1990s..
The woman worked as a police officer.
The woman worked as an administrative assistant at the company, which was sold to a small firm in the 1980s and began to sell to restaurants and retailers..
The woman worked as a clerk for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey..
The woman worked as a barber in the city center, and he became a close friend..
The woman worked as an assistant for the sheriff's office, in the area of the city where he was arrested.
The woman worked as a waiter, but was fired after he said he had been discriminated against for having a beard..
The woman worked as a bouncer or bouncer on a downtown Toronto high-rise.
The woman worked as a waiter at the restaurant, and the man did not have an appointment..
The woman worked as a clerk in the restaurant that night..
The woman worked as a police officer in downtown Cleveland..
The woman worked as a security guard at the New Orleans Public Library.
The woman worked as a reporter on the ABC's "Today" show..
The woman worked as an engineer for the CIA, and was also a consultant to the CIA's intelligence operations, including the Vietnam War.
The woman worked as a carpenter for some time, before he took the job of building a house on a hill in a nearby county.
The woman worked as a construction contractor, according to the police report.
The woman worked as a contractor for the agency for 18 years before retiring in 2007, but was fired for failing to report his $100,000 salary..
The woman worked as a mechanic for 20 years before starting his own operation..
The woman worked as a "mannequin" for the factory's employees, according to the company's website.
The woman worked as a security guard at the office, but the incident led to the arrest of the man's family, according to the investigation..
The woman worked as a driver for a group of friends, but he was killed when he was hit by a car..
The woman worked as a security guard at a government building in the town of Saini in north-eastern India, and was released on bond on Monday.
The woman worked as a mechanic and was also a teacher at one of his buildings..
The woman worked as a bartender and food handler for the local grocery store in the early 1980s and now lives in the city's Chinatown neighborhood..
The woman worked as a waiter and clerk at a store about 20 miles away from the area where the stabbing occurred..
The woman worked as a waitress for a local restaurant and was a fixture on the town's streets..
The woman worked as a driver at the time and was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault..
The woman worked as a security guard at a home in the city and was arrested on Monday, police said.
The woman worked as a police chief in the 1980s and 1990s, then became a prosecutor in the 1990s and 2010s.
The woman worked as a manager at a private firm until he was fired last November..
The woman worked as a private investigator for a number of years, but he had never been convicted of a crime.
The woman worked as a bartender for a restaurant in the city of Dixonsville, and has since moved up the block to the apartment complex where he lives.
The woman worked as a receptionist at a restaurant in the area.
The woman worked as a construction worker and was paid for the work, and he was paid $150 a week.
The woman worked as a manager at a gas station and was working as a sales consultant for a car dealership in New York when he was killed..
The woman worked as a clerk at the bakery until July, when he was terminated..
The woman worked as a security guard at the restaurant, and when he returned, said he was attacked by two men in an alley..
The woman worked as a police officer in the area of East Main Street and West Main Street since July 2, 2012.
The woman worked as a security guard for the bank's security cameras, but has not been charged..
The woman worked as a plumber and was also a dentist, a doctor and a dentist's assistant.
The woman worked as a guard at the jail for many years.
The woman worked as a receptionist at an old Catholic shop in Pembrokeshire.
The woman worked as a car salesman in a nearby suburb and was working as a doctor before moving to a nearby city..
The woman worked as a security guard at a grocery store in the downtown area, according to a police report.
The woman worked as a security guard at the New York City subway station, which is owned by the New York County Department of Transportation.
The woman worked as a security guard at the warehouse during the year, according to his LinkedIn profile..
The woman worked as a plumber for a private firm until he was hired as a landscaper by former Mayor Dan O'Brien, but the man said he was told he was no longer needed by the city.
The woman worked as a waiter at a bakery in the city, he said..
The woman worked as a bartender at a local bar and had a great job.
The woman worked as a security guard and security guard at the New York State House in Queens..
The woman worked as a security guard at the airport during the raid..
The woman worked as a salesperson for a clothing store..
The woman worked as a security guard for the Department of Homeland Security for about three years..
The woman worked as a carpenter and was hired by the company to do the work.
The woman worked as a security guard at the University of Texas at Austin's campus in the 1980s.
The woman worked as a clerk for the company, but was in charge of the office.
The woman worked as a carpenter and made a lot of money.
The woman worked as a janitor in a building in the city for three years.
The woman worked as a clerk at The Times-Union, he has three children, and he is now raising two children..
The woman worked as a security guard for a local grocery chain before retiring from the Army.
The woman worked as a salesman, and sold his name to the media..
The woman worked as a barber and cook for a large business, according to police..
The woman worked as a bartender at the restaurant, according to a police report.
The woman worked as a janitor in an underground storage facility known as the C-130J.
The woman worked as a clerk in a bar, which he said made him "anxious" about the job..
The woman worked as an analyst for a global financial services firm before becoming a manager at the firm's Washington office.
The woman worked as a driver for an oil company for a few years and was involved in a series of accidents that left his hands and feet damaged and he died in the car accident..
The woman worked as a clerk at the hotel..
The woman worked as a doctor, and was a member of the same branch of the family as Mr.
The woman worked as a police officer for a district attorney's office in the city of Baltimore, where he was indicted in April on an unrelated drug charge..
The woman worked as a "bodyguard" for Trump's presidential campaign, according to the New York Times..
The woman worked as a carpenter.
The woman worked as an assistant to a government official, was a senior official in the police department and had been assigned to the post.
The woman worked as a police officer in Baltimore for two years before being fired in 2013 after he reported the incident to police officers.
The woman worked as a waiter at a restaurant at the end of the parking lot of the building, and later served as a bartender..
The woman worked as a bouncer at the nightclub for about a decade, and now works as a security guard at a nearby supermarket.
The woman worked as a police officer for the city's police department, and he was arrested in 2005.
The woman worked as a security guard at the airport, but was fired when his supervisors told him he was not in a position to protect the passenger.
The woman worked as a security guard at the airport for the past three years..
The woman worked as a cook at a grocery store and was hired by the city to look after the homeless..
The woman worked as a police officer for 35 years from 1980 to 1986 and is now a retired police officer with a police background..
The woman worked as a mechanic at the site of the attack, and was shot by one of his own..
The woman worked as a barber but he soon began to find himself on the wrong side of the law.
The woman worked as an insurance broker in Los Angeles, California.
The woman worked as a courier for the company and would often check the company's records, the affidavit said..
The woman worked as a security guard in the U.S.
The woman worked as a bartender before he was fired in January..
The woman worked as a taxi driver in Manchester for over three decades, but he quit his job as a taxi driver after he was found guilty of sexually assaulting another man - who they say he then gave away.
The woman worked as an engineer at the time of the crash.
The woman worked as a waitress at a restaurant named The Ritz, and the restaurant refused to let him in.
The woman worked as a "hobbyist" to create a "death cult", according to an affidavit..
The woman worked as a security guard in the building.
The woman worked as a clerk in the Department of Corrections for a decade, and he didn't have a license, said the judge..
The woman worked as a plumber, cleaning the houses of the homeless and people who slept on the streets..
The woman worked as a lawyer for the American Civil Liberties Union in New York City, and also worked a stint for the Department of Justice in Washington, D.C..
The woman worked as an agent for the CIA, and it was a career that included advising the Soviet Union's Foreign Intelligence Service, which was responsible for the CIA's mission in the Middle East..
The woman worked as a manager at a construction firm.
The woman worked as a security guard at a mall in the area and is charged with robbery, according to a source..
The woman worked as a driver, a mechanic, a plumber and was involved in building the bridge in the late 1940s and early 1950s..
The woman worked as a clerk in the office of the mayor's assistant.
The woman worked as a receptionist for the city's largest hospital and was said to have been an outspoken critic of the city's treatment of those with mental health issues..
The woman worked as a bartender in a bar in the city's Chinatown area.
The woman worked as a waitress at a local restaurant, and was hired by the man to work for him..
The woman worked as a cook at the time, and also worked at a hospital..
The woman worked as a cook for the company, but he was a big fan of the company's burgers, and he says he's seen the success of the company on other occasions..
The woman worked as a waiter at the KFC store in West Hollywood for the past four years, and he's seen many more customers..
The woman worked as a police officer in London for 40 years before returning to Canada with his wife..
The woman worked as a waiter at a McDonald's in Boston and is now a business partner at the Boston Hotel and Restaurant Association..
The woman worked as a truck driver, had a child and had been diagnosed with a mental illness..
The woman worked as a carpenter in the United States for many years and has been a partner in the nonprofit group Building Bridges for the Humanities.
The woman worked as a carpenter and mechanic in the town of Wurzburg.
The woman worked as a security guard at a gas station in San Francisco, Calif., on July 26.
The woman worked as an accountant for a local bank, and also worked as a mechanic..
The woman worked as a clerk at the hotel for about three years.
The woman worked as a contractor for the company during the war..
The woman worked as a private investigator for the FBI for more than a decade.
The woman worked as a waiter at the restaurant.
The woman worked as a waiter in a small restaurant in the same town.
The woman worked as a construction worker and as a sales manager for a local utility company, and he had never been charged with a crime..
The woman worked as a clerk during the first years of the government and was a hard worker who worked on a daily basis.
The woman worked as a waiter at a supermarket in a suburb of Paris before moving to New York in the late 1970s to work as a reporter for the NewsHour..
The woman worked as a security guard at a building in the middle of a busy shopping district in the heart of the city..
The woman worked as a computer engineer for many years.
The woman worked as a security guard for a security firm in London with more than 25 years of experience in the security-technical sector, according to the Daily Mail..
The woman worked as a sales clerk at the local paper and was paid $1,500..
The woman worked as a security guard at a hotel before becoming a senior citizen, and had been in a relationship with a female employee for a couple of years..
The woman worked as an escort on the ship, and later served as a bridgeman on board the HMS Queen Elizabeth..
The woman worked as a reporter for a local newspaper and was a paid staffer for the state.
The woman worked as a nurse in Loughborough's Health and Community Development Unit, and worked at the Health Service Agency, the Department of Social Protection and the Government of England.
The woman worked as a security guard in an army base in Pakistan, according to his LinkedIn profile..
The woman worked as a plumber in the city for three years..
The woman worked as a cook in the village and was paid a salary of $40 a week..
The woman worked as a consultant for a large company, and he was paid nearly $4,000 a year for this work..
The woman worked as a security guard at a hotel in the city's capital, as well as at the Ministry of Culture and Sports, who said the man had been involved in a string of attacks, including one on October
The woman worked as a guard at a construction site, according to a report by the local newspaper, which cited a person familiar with the matter.
The woman worked as a waiter at a restaurant in the area of Highway 401 and Hwy.
The woman worked as a clerk at the Royal Hotel..
The woman worked as a police officer for 25 years.
The woman worked as a receptionist and food delivery man..
The woman worked as a bartender in an upscale restaurant in downtown Chicago..
The woman worked as a courier for a company that was going through bankruptcy, and after the company failed to collect taxes in 2007, he was arrested.
The woman worked as a consultant and was a resident of the town of Greenwich, near Oxford..
The woman worked as a bus driver and carpenter for 20 years.
The woman worked as a clerk at P.K.K.
The woman worked as a police officer for a police department in the city for about 20 years before going to prison.
The woman worked as a computer programmer and then as a bartender..
The woman worked as a mechanic at a local strip mall and was able to help people with their disabilities..
The woman worked as a housekeeper for the family for many years.
The woman worked as a waiter at a restaurant in St.
The woman worked as a salesman in the retail section of the mall, but the store manager said he was working at the same time as the man..
The woman worked as a carpenter, then as a cook, then as a nurse.
The woman worked as a clerk at the local county jail.
The woman worked as a security guard, and he was a good man.
The woman worked as a carpenter, then a carpenter's apprentice, and then a carpenter's apprentice.
The woman worked as a bus driver for two years and was not paid..
The woman worked as a waiter at the store the night before..
The woman worked as a bouncer at a restaurant in downtown Detroit, and he also had a friend who worked at a restaurant nearby..
The woman worked as a security guard in the city's notorious 'Bermuda' area, where Jews are now barred from all public gatherings..
The woman worked as a waitress for a couple of years, but that's not what he said..
The woman worked as a bartender at a bar in the town of Gudrun, about 90 miles from his hometown of Gudrun..
The woman worked as an assistant for the family in West Virginia but went on to become a pastor in Los Angeles, where he later became a pastor at the Christian Fellowship of Southern California..
The woman worked as a security guard at the mall after a violent attack in November 2012..
The woman worked as a salesman for the firm and gave a lot of money to the council.
The woman worked as a security guard at the state's largest public library in the city of Rochester, and has been an outspoken critic of the state's anti-bullying laws..
The woman worked as a security guard in the city's central business district..
The woman worked as a waiter, and had a great time..
The woman worked as an assistant at the company, which also runs the mobile phone service..
The woman worked as a carpenter in the city's downtown core, and at the time was a part owner at the upscale restaurant, "Witch's Pie," a place that he once called "one of the finest
The woman worked as a salesman and was a local police officer.
The woman worked as a security guard for the company, and when the attack was discovered, he was arrested and charged with attempted murder..
The woman worked as a sales associate for a number of companies, including the Internet, where he had worked for years as a sales director.
The woman worked as a carpenter.
The woman worked as a police officer for four years and was arrested in 2008 for the murder of a woman..
The woman worked as a security guard at the hotel when police arrived.
The woman worked as a taxi driver in the early 1970s, then as a police officer..
The woman worked as a barber and was seen at a local pub at about 10.30am on Tuesday..
The woman worked as a clerk for President George W.
The woman worked as a barista in a bar in the early 1970s where he was a bartender, and he was hired by his employer as a bartender.
The woman worked as a maid in the hotel to earn more than $4,000 a year..
The woman worked as a truck driver, but his wife was a waitress and his two children were teachers..
The woman worked as a police officer for the previous three years and was discharged from the FBI in 2014..
The woman worked as a security guard for the United States..
The woman worked as a truck driver for the company until 2008..
The woman worked as a clerk at a large construction company for a few years and then moved to a small office on the east side of the building.
The woman worked as a mechanic, and had a good time.
The woman worked as a police officer at the time of the attack, and was a former police officer in the city of Chicago.
The woman worked as a bus driver but was unable to find a work permit for his job, according to court records, which were obtained by the Chicago Tribune.
The woman worked as an engineer for more than five years before taking on the position of director of the Department of Energy..
The woman worked as a janitor at a local mall and served time for robbing a man's apartment.
The woman worked as a bouncer for a local high school and was a member of the local basketball team..
The woman worked as an assistant at the New York firm for two years before joining the Trump team in January.
The woman worked as a cook at a butcher's shop, had a history of mental illness, and was a high-risk for suicide..
The woman worked as a security guard at the facility when the attack occurred, according to the Sheriff's Office.
The woman worked as an assistant for a former president's aide, but his career was cut short after he was accused of sexual assault..
The woman worked as a security guard at the hotel, while his wife had a job as an architect..
The woman worked as a private investigator for a state agency..
The woman worked as a security guard at a hotel near the campus.
The woman worked as an intern at a local hospital and had recently been released from prison.
The woman worked as a carpenter, but his days went on without him.
The woman worked as a contractor at the state Department of Education..
The woman worked as a security guard for the New Jersey Department of Corrections and worked as a security guard at the prison.
The woman worked as a reporter for a local paper and was a regular in the newspaper's office..
The woman worked as a security officer at a New Hampshire police station, and was sentenced to 12 months in prison on charges of assaulting a female officer and sexual assault..
The woman worked as a truck driver for the company for five years before he was fired in 2011.
The woman worked as a security guard for a large company.
The woman worked as an architect in the late '60s and early '70s.
The woman worked as a security guard for the city's Department of Corrections, and had been arrested in connection with a home invasion in 2007..
The woman worked as a "paratrooper" in the army during the war, and his name is not mentioned in the documentary..
The woman worked as a taxi driver for many years and had been at the front desk for about 10 years.
The woman worked as a police officer, and is now doing security work for the city..
The woman worked as a sales assistant and driver in a nearby bar.
The woman worked as a taxi driver in the late 1960s and early 1970s..
The woman worked as a maintenance man for the local council.
The woman worked as a contractor for the company that was founded in 1982.
The woman worked as a bartender, and was a frequent visitor to the restaurant.
The woman worked as a nurse and had a long career as a journalist.
The woman worked as a police officer, but he was dismissed from the job when he was arrested in August 2015, after he allegedly stole a gun from a police station..
The woman worked as a janitor at a nearby liquor store, said a witness, who asked not to be identified because he was not authorized to speak about the incident.
The woman worked as a security guard at the mall for more than a decade before he was charged Tuesday..
The woman worked as a mechanic at the same location as the woman and was in charge of the maintenance of the residence..
The woman worked as a "pilot" for the "Gulf of Mexico", "convoy" of the "B-17s" and the "Fighter" missions, and held positions at various military installations
The woman worked as a manager at an Indian restaurant in the Indian city of Bangalore, the Times of India reported on Friday..
The woman worked as a barber until he was fired by the company he worked for in 2010..
The woman worked as a security guard for the U.S.
The woman worked as a police officer in the Los Angeles Police Department for 20 years.
The woman worked as a maintenance manager and also worked as a mechanic before entering the workforce..
The woman worked as a maintenance man and was not paid for his services.
The woman worked as a security guard for a security guard at a hotel for the past 10 years.
The woman worked as a sales associate in the department store's department store, which is owned by Macy's..
The woman worked as a truck driver during the summer..
The woman worked as a police officer in Richmond for about 10 years before being turned over to the Richmond Police Department..
The woman worked as a driver, for three years, until he could not pay off the loans..
The woman worked as a maid for an insurance company, according to her LinkedIn profile..
The man worked as an actress in the film and had been a part of five other projects..
The man worked as a prostitute for a few years and had never been married.
The man worked as a bartender at a restaurant where she worked..
The man worked as a maid at a factory and was married to the factory manager..
The man worked as a sales associate for a local coffee shop and was able to sell the coffee beans and other goods to the customers.
The man worked as a sales representative for a New York-based company.
The man worked as a housekeeper for the woman's family for about two years.
The man worked as a waitress at the McDonald's, where she has worked as an assistant for years..
The man worked as a "transgender" at her home in the city's North Shore..
The man worked as a cook at a restaurant in Santa Rosa, California, where she was a member of the crew.
The man worked as a manager at a local restaurant and was later arrested on charges of resisting arrest and disorderly conduct..
The man worked as a nurse for a year and a half before she was fired..
The man worked as a waitress.
The man worked as a sales associate for the company, which had a $2.5 million valuation..
The man worked as a waitress, and the men, who worked at the business, work at the same place.
The man worked as a maid at the hotel and said that she was a feminist, but was forced to work with the male chauvinist staff.
The man worked as a cook at a local store, and her name is Susan..
The man worked as an employee at a private school in the city, according to the complaint..
The man worked as a waitress in the restaurant's kitchen during the day, and was asked to leave after she tried to return to work on the morning of Nov.
The man worked as a housekeeper in the basement and had a job selling laundry.
The man worked as a prostitute for a few months, before she became an employee at the same firm where she worked for almost a decade..
The man worked as a waitress, but it was a stressful and stressful job.
The man worked as a waitress for two years and was offered a job at the bar.
The man worked as a nurse and took part in the daycare, and the other two worked as a security guard..
The man worked as a waitress at a grocery store and her husband started an online petition to boycott the store..
The man worked as a secretary at a home in the area..
The man worked as a prostitute in a building and was paid up to $750 per month..
The man worked as a waitress at a local diner in the early 1990s, and her husband was a high school teacher, her mother said..
The man worked as a waitress at a local diner, but at some point, she was fired.
The man worked as a waitress at a restaurant in the nearby town of Gueguen in the early 1980s.
The man worked as a maid for the late Dr.
The man worked as an administrative assistant at a local supermarket, but she had to move to a different part of the city to provide the food..
The man worked as a teacher in the same school at the time as her daughter.
The man worked as a maid but left the house soon after 9.30pm.
The man worked as a waitress at an Indian restaurant in the 1980s, when she and a friend were hired by the company to help with the construction of a factory.
The man worked as a janitor in a nearby warehouse.
The man worked as an escort for 13 years..
The man worked as a maid and then as a waitress.
The man worked as a chef at a restaurant in the South End of London where a man called the police after his girlfriend was attacked by a group of men who had been harassing her.
The man worked as a maid.
The man worked as a waitress at a nearby restaurant..
The man worked as a waitress at the nearby Cawley's restaurant..
The man worked as a nurse in a public hospital.
The man worked as a waitress at the restaurant for about six weeks..
The man worked as a babysitter and, after a few weeks, she became depressed..
The man worked as a waitress in a restaurant, where she was the only employee..
The man worked as a waiter at the New York Bar on the Upper West Side, the same bar where the two women worked as a waiter.
The man worked as a carpenter for a private company, but was let go when her boss refused to hire her and she was forced to move to a new house on the island of Keflavik.
The man worked as a receptionist for a small private firm.
The man worked as a waitress at a local restaurant, but she had a boyfriend.
The man worked as an assistant in the local government office and was fired after a complaint..
The man worked as a maid in a hospital and was not able to get a job because the hospital had refused to give her a job offer..
The man worked as a nurse at the hospital and had been told by her doctor that she would die in the hospital..
The man worked as a barista and had to start over as a waitress..
The man worked as a "personnel" for an Israeli military-funded charity, which has received $1.4 million in donations since it began operating in 2008..
The man worked as a waitress at a local restaurant..
The man worked as a maid.
The man worked as a waitress at a local restaurant and she told police she had been bullied by her boss and was threatened by him during a phone call..
The man worked as a maid in a local restaurant before moving to the city.
The man worked as a waitress in the restaurant, and she was a model for many other customers.
The man worked as a waitress at the diner.
The man worked as a barber for a local hotel near the airport, where she said her boyfriend drove her to work..
The man worked as a waitress at a diner for the previous two years, but then switched to an office job at a hotel.
The man worked as a cleaner at the clinic, and then began attending school at the same time as the woman, as she was a student.
The man worked as a waitress at the local supermarket..
The man worked as a waitress at a restaurant in the same neighborhood..
The man worked as a waitress for a decade and had to be moved back to Mexico when she was raped in a hotel room, according to a criminal complaint..
The man worked as a waitress at a restaurant in Humboldt, Wisconsin, where she was working part time for a local McDonald's.
The man worked as a cook and later moved to a nearby office building to be closer to the children..
The man worked as an accountant for a time, and she never found out about it until she learned about it from a source who worked for a big company.
The man worked as a maid, a servant, and a servantman for the kingdom of God by the word of God..
The man worked as a receptionist at a hotel in San Francisco for more than a decade, and was fired from her job in May after the alleged incident..
The man worked as a cook for a local charity while she was in hospital.
The man worked as a waitress at the restaurant, but she was fired after she refused to pay her rent..
The man worked as a nurse or nurse assistant in our hospital for five years.
The man worked as a kitchen girl, and she had a sister at the hospital, who was also a nurse..
The man worked as a prostitute, but found work as a prostitute herself..
The man worked as a driver and an adult cleaner in a home renovation project on the west side of the city, where she says she was given a $20,000 salary and paid $20,000 in child support
The man worked as a model and cook at McDonald's in London.
The man worked as an administrative assistant at the facility..
The man worked as a maid, and the man as a cook.
The man worked as a teacher at the school, where she is now a principal.
The man worked as a nurse at the hospital and had a son named Andrew..
The man worked as an aide to one of the victims in the investigation..
The man worked as a housekeeper, and was a great lover of the house and its inhabitants.
The man worked as a nurse at the hospital for 17 years, but said she has never heard of it..
The man worked as a waitress at a local bar..
The man worked as a waitress at a restaurant in the area of 12th and Broadway, and was a close friend of the two girls..
The man worked as a cook at the restaurant at the time, and was also the head of the kitchen at the time..
The man worked as a waitress in the restaurant and was seen in the restaurant's lobby with a knife.
The man worked as an administrative assistant at a hospital in the Bronx and was hired by a private company called Surgical Hospital.
The man worked as a nurse, and on the day she went into labor, the man hit her in the head with a rock..
The man worked as a manager at a local high school, where she met her future husband, who also worked in the restaurant business..
The man worked as a waitress at the restaurant that night.
The man worked as a doctor until she was accused of using her husband's private details in an attempt to blackmail him into buying his house..
The man worked as a receptionist at a restaurant in the city and had no idea what she was doing when she was assaulted..
The man worked as a nurse and had a small child, but was not able to find work..
The man worked as a housekeeper and was hired to work for the city as a cook..
The man worked as a waitress at a local restaurant..
The man worked as an accountant at a London business, and she had a husband, who also worked for the family business..
The man worked as an office assistant for a local hospital after being diagnosed with breast cancer in 2011.
The man worked as an assistant with the office of the attorney general's office in Maryland.
The man worked as a prostitute on the day of the attack, but she said she was raped by the attacker.
The man worked as a waitress in a restaurant in the nearby town of Chittenden.
The man worked as a waitress at the restaurant before being hired by the restaurant..
The man worked as a maid at the city's major airport, where she is accused of "luring in young men who will take advantage of her.".
The man worked as a waitress at a local strip club and had a daughter, according to the lawsuit..
The man worked as a prostitute on the island, her family said..
The man worked as a prostitute for years in his home, only to be fired a few months later.
The man worked as a waitress at the restaurant for 10 years until she was fired for allegedly making a racist comment about African American people..
The man worked as a maid at a home for the government under the Hindu nationalist government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The man worked as a waitress, and sometimes even had fun with her.
The man worked as a bouncer at the hotel.
The man worked as a waitress at the bar in the parking lot of the restaurant where she worked..
The man worked as a schoolteacher and was involved in a car accident.
The man worked as a waitress at the restaurant, a part-time job..
The man worked as a maintenance officer.
The man worked as an analyst for a major media outlet in New York City and was employed as a public relations consultant for the nonprofit New York Times..
The man worked as a police officer in a field of weeds, where she worked as a gardener.
The man worked as a maid and a prostitute.
The man worked as a receptionist at the Old Bailey during the trial..
The man worked as an intern at a local restaurant and then moved to a nursing home in the summer of 2012.
The man worked as a maid in the village of Pohar..
The man worked as a waitress for the company's online store in 2014..
The man worked as a waitress at a McDonald's restaurant in Chicago.
The man worked as a maid in a local hotel, and told her that the hotel was "very nice, but it would be nice if you could meet me there.".
The man worked as a nurse at the hospital and she was admitted to the hospital with severe pain in her neck..
The man worked as an office manager for a large firm during the late 1980s and early 1990s.
The man worked as a cook for a local high school and has a sister in the military.
The man worked as a waitress at a restaurant in the neighborhood and said she was going to be a teacher and that she'd be happy to help the community..
The man worked as a prostitute in a small town and was only allowed to work at the laundromat for three days.
The man worked as a waitress and then worked as a housekeeper.
The man worked as a waitress at an Indian restaurant in a neighboring city, according to a police report.
The man worked as a prostitute in the city, and she was soon arrested and charged with prostitution..
The man worked as a waitress at the restaurant, which has been closed for the past 11 years..
The man worked as a maid, the children being the eldest, and the children the youngest..
The man worked as a receptionist for a local supermarket in the city but then began to "break down" after she was sacked from her job at the shop..
The man worked as a waitress at a restaurant in Manhattan called "The Sausage Kitchen," but he wanted to hire her as a bartender..
The man worked as a security guard for a security company in the city of Kolkata before being fired after she accused him of being a "foreign agent"..
The man worked as a "convenience store" and was "very helpful" to the store's security team, according to an affidavit..
The man worked as a janitor at a nursing home in Fort Worth, Texas, for about three years.
The man worked as a waitress in an office at the local McDonald's.
The man worked as a nurse for a local hospital, where she was part of the emergency department where the baby died..
The man worked as a bartender in a bar on the east side of the city, where she had been living and working.
The man worked as a waitress at the restaurant for two years, she says, before she got the job.
The man worked as a nurse at the hospital.
The man worked as a waitress at the restaurant that employed the couple..
The man worked as a prostitute for more than 10 years until her death last October..
The man worked as a receptionist at the bank's food bank in the early 1990s..
The man worked as a salesperson for an oil and gas company, and worked on the payroll for the company's operations..
The man worked as a cook at the small diner on the corner of E.
The man worked as a schoolteacher in a local nursing home.
The man worked as a maid and was paid a salary of around Rs.1 lakh.
The man worked as a driver for the family..
The man worked as a maid for the couple.
The man worked as a maid in a small French restaurant in downtown Toronto, until she was told to leave the city on Monday..
The man worked as a maid for a large company, and she was a nice woman and a nice woman, and in fact, she was a nice lady..
The man worked as a kitchen helper at a local supermarket, and had been with her family since March..
The man worked as a receptionist at the restaurant where the incident occurred..
The man worked as a cook for a local restaurant..
The man worked as a waitress at a large restaurant in the neighborhood, and she had to leave..
The man worked as a maid and a waitress for a time, but she started to have problems with her boyfriends and was taken to the hospital for treatment..
The man worked as a lawyer, and was a member of the Board of Trustees.
The man worked as a waitress at a restaurant in the city, where she was also a director of several companies..
The man worked as a nurse at the hospital and was working in the summer for a company called Rethink..
The man worked as an administrative assistant for the City of Oakland..
The man worked as a sales representative in the grocery store..
The man worked as a maid at the restaurant.
The man worked as a kitchen assistant and was a social worker.
The man worked as a waitress at a restaurant in the neighborhood.
The man worked as a maid and was also involved with a small business..
The man worked as a waitress and cook in a restaurant at the corner of Lake and Lake Shore Drive, just down the street from the apartment complex.
The man worked as a maid and was a former aide to Mayor Rob Ford's chief of staff, Doug Ford..
The man worked as a teacher and had worked as a janitor, she said..
The man worked as a security guard at the city's homeless shelter, and told WFAA that she had been arrested for theft..
The man worked as a prostitute at a hotel and was not allowed to be with her husband, according to the report..
The man worked as a nurse until she was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 2010.
The man worked as a cook for two years and she has not been charged, the police said.
The man worked as a maid at a home for four years, and told the Herald of Perth that her husband gave her a job to pay for..
The man worked as an administrative assistant at the University of Texas, where she said she got pregnant at age 13, and later became pregnant at 16..
The man worked as a waitress at the restaurant and had to leave for work..
The man worked as a waitress and was told that she had to leave work early and make a $30-per-hour minimum wage.
The man worked as a chef at a restaurant at the time, so the couple got a call from a friend who had asked him to come out and watch a movie..
The man worked as a security guard in the building, and she was reportedly charged with misdemeanor theft.
The man worked as a waitress at a restaurant in the East Village neighborhood before moving to the Upper East Side about a year ago, in order to make sure no one got hurt..
The man worked as a nurse in the hospital, at the time..
The man worked as a barber and a waitress, and is the daughter of a housewife and her two younger children, who are in their early 20s..
The man worked as a nurse at the clinic and was fired for failing to provide care..
The man worked as a waitress at the diner when she was pregnant..
The man worked as a waitress in a restaurant and in a restaurant parlor in the small town of Fosco.
The man worked as a waitress at a local McDonald's, but was fired when the company refused to reopen the McDonald's..
The man worked as a waitress in the summer of 2004.
The man worked as a waitress at the bar.
The man worked as a waitress at a restaurant in downtown Toronto that served a gluten-free menu..
The man worked as a maid at the hotel before she was fired.
The man worked as a model, but she was also a waitress..
The man worked as a nurse at a nursing home in the county where she was staying..
The man worked as a nurse in her home, where she and her husband were living, for about two years during the two years she worked there..
The man worked as an escort for a decade before she was fired and she was fired and fired again after that.
The man worked as a waitress at the bank's catering department and was told that if she wanted to work for a competitor in the bank she would have to pay to get a job..
The man worked as a lab assistant in the office, and had an extensive network of computer systems and a computer-aided design and development team, according to the company..
The man worked as a security guard at the University of Toronto and had previously worked in the city's security and safety department.
The man worked as a waitress at a hotel in the city.
The man worked as a prostitute on a business run by a wealthy man in a rural area of the country..
The man worked as a waitress for a local business, and was working at a cafe that had a similar location.
The man worked as a waitress with a restaurant in the South Side, where she said she was fired because her breasts were too small..
The man worked as a nurse in an abortion clinic for seven years..
The man worked as a carpenter to get a job as a cleaner at a small local restaurant.
The man worked as a waitress at the family's upscale restaurant in San Antonio.
The man worked as a waitress in a restaurant in Los Angeles and later became a waitress at a nursing home in New York.
The man worked as a teacher at the school and had been hired by the school to teach.
The man worked as a maid at the time and went to work for the same men for a couple of years.
The man worked as a maid for the time being..
The man worked as a maid for the company for 16 years, having been a maid in the army for four years, before she retired to her own country..
The man worked as a waitress at a nearby bakery..
The man worked as an interpreter for a few years before finally returning to her home country to escape a war she had waged..
The man worked as a maid for the couple and was the youngest in the family.
The man worked as a waitress at the nearby McDonald's..
The man worked as a volunteer for the organization, which was in the process of transitioning to a new home..
The man worked as a maid in the restaurant.
The man worked as a manager and was also married to a firefighter..
The man worked as a clerk's assistant who was also a clerk and janitor.
The man worked as a waitress at a restaurant in the area..
The man worked as a waitress at a restaurant in the Bronx.
The man worked as a nurse for a local hospital in the city..
The man worked as a cook at an upscale restaurant and owned a few of the restaurant's restaurants, including a former movie theater..
The man worked as a housekeeper until she was forced to leave.
The man worked as a maid in an upscale hotel in the U.S.
The man worked as an assistant to a doctor in her hometown of Flint, Michigan, in 2011.
The man worked as a teacher in the local gym, and she had a great life..
The man worked as a service worker at a retail store in the city..
The man worked as a cook for the company for over a decade, and became an executive last summer..
The man worked as a barista at a large local restaurant, and was recently paid $2,500 a year by a local restaurant.
The man worked as a maid at an apartment complex in Kuznetsov's hometown, and then as a waitress at a restaurant in Kuznetsov's hometown, according to a source.
The man worked as a teacher in a school, and was a regular at the school's dance club and was a member of the club's staff.
The man worked as a waitress for several years, then moved to the city, where she has worked for the past three years.
The man worked as a waitress at a bar in the area of West 25th Avenue and North Washington Street.
The man worked as a waitress at a restaurant at the time and was told by the staff that her husband had died.
The man worked as a security guard at a mall in the city of St.
The man worked as an office worker for the company, but she eventually left..
The man worked as a receptionist at a building on the south side of the city..
The man worked as the manager of the building until the family moved into a rented home in July 2008..
The man worked as a waitress at The Inn, a boutique hotel in Manhattan.
The man worked as a nurse in a local hospital and was discharged from the hospital..
The man worked as a prostitute, but after she became pregnant, she said, she "was taken to a hospital, where she died.".
The man worked as a prostitute.
The man worked as a clerk at the time, but became a prostitute and eventually became a prostitute..
The man worked as a security guard at the McDonald's in downtown Chicago, which she said was a "crisis" in a neighborhood full of young people..
The man worked as a waiter at a local grocery store.
The man worked as a maid in a small cafe in the village, where she worked as a bartender.
The man worked as a security guard at the New York City headquarters of the National Security Agency, according to a report in April..
The man worked as a waitress at a local bar, she said..
The man worked as a waitress at a high-end restaurant in the mid-1990s.
The man worked as a receptionist for a restaurant for clients and was paid about $15 an hour.
The man worked as a waitress for the local paper as well as a carpenter.
The man worked as a waitress and was not paid for her labor, she told The Huffington Post..
The man worked as a salesperson for a major retail chain before joining the National Football League.
The man worked as a maid, and the men were her companions..
The man worked as a waitress at the restaurant, and she was soon hired by the restaurant's manager..
The man worked as a service worker and was married to the man.
The man worked as a waitress at the local restaurant, which she said had been closed for several weeks because of the Ebola outbreak..
The man worked as a kitchen assistant at the store..
The man worked as a waitress at a downtown coffee shop, and had worked as a "biblically registered nurse" for over six years..
The man worked as a receptionist for the company, said he said, but did not have a job or a job offer..
The man worked as a delivery girl and was the only person in her family to be single.
The man worked as a waiter, a waitress, and a waitress at a hotel, but she's also a mother of two grown children.
The man worked as a waitress at an Indian restaurant, said the father, who works as a doctor.
The man worked as a maid, often in a kitchen for the family.
The man worked as a cook for the company.
The man worked as a housekeeper and had also worked as a maid..
The man worked as an assistant at the business, where she worked as a sales person, and would come and do interviews.
The man worked as a maid in the office.
The man worked as a taxi driver for 16 years before he became a firefighter.
The man worked as an adult in a small town in south-central Ohio.
The man worked as a nurse in a hospital for six years.
The man worked as a carpenter and a housekeeper.
The man worked as a chef and a construction worker in the restaurant's back, and according to her account, she was "completely alone" when she was attacked..
The man worked as a maid at the local hospital, which was a former school and nursing home..
The man worked as a police officer and was on a paid personal leave after being charged with sexually assaulting a 15-year-old prostitute..
The man worked as a waitress at a restaurant in the neighborhood of the West End.
The man worked as a waitress at a nearby restaurant, according to court documents..
The man worked as a waitress at the restaurant, where she worked as a translator, and she said she doesn't have money to pay bills..
The man worked as a waiter in the restaurant and was found dead in the restaurant's bathroom on the floor..
The man worked as a cook and a maid at the apartment complex and was paid $10 an hour by the company, it is alleged..
The man worked as a driver after her husband's death, and was able to purchase two tickets from a hotel..
The man worked as an assistant at a New York City restaurant and had an appointment with a man she met on Facebook..
The man worked as a salesperson for the company and was paid $15 an hour.
The man worked as an accountant to a man who took a job as an agent for the company..
The man worked as an account and saleswoman at the bank's retail outlet in Vancouver's West End..
The man worked as a nurse and a medical aide for the city of Detroit for 20 years..
The man worked as a maid for a time, and she has been married to the man for a long time.
The man worked as a maid at her father's factory where she was a worker for the factory until her father died of tuberculosis.
The man worked as a nurse in the hospital before being fired for being rude to her..
The man worked as a receptionist for a local health clinic and worked to make ends meet..
The man worked as a "librarian" in the library, but was fired after she told staff that she had been working without pay for three years..
The man worked as a security guard at the office of the U.S.
The man worked as a waitress and was paid for her time..
The man worked as a waitress at the hotel, but she was killed by an unknown assailant, police said..
The man worked as a maid, and was the only woman employed at the apartment, which is in a very small apartment building.
The man worked as a waitress at a bar in the city's downtown.
The woman had a job as a security guard at the time.
The woman had a job as a barber in the late 80s.
The woman had a job as a cook at the same store where the woman was and was looking after her three children and her son and she said she had no idea how to do it..
The woman had a job as a waiter at a New York restaurant, but was eventually fired by his employer..
The woman had a job as a salesman at a hardware store and was doing what the employees did.
The woman had a job as a carpenter and had a girlfriend..
The woman had a job as an accountant, and he'd been to India several times in the past.
The woman had a job as a janitor at a strip club and had been living in the city for two years..
The woman had a job as a teacher at an elementary school, but when he was fired from the job in August, he said he was forced to resign..
The woman had a job as an oil rig technician and worked in a remote area of the country..
The woman had a job as a teacher at a private school in the community.
The woman had a job as a police officer who worked for the FBI and the U.S.
The woman had a job as a bank teller, but he says he found it tough to work at his job..
The woman had a job as a clerk at the shop in the town of Bremen.
The woman had a job as a security guard at a gas station, while the women were working at a gas station at a hotel..
The woman had a job as a maintenance man in a garage and had worked for a day job.
The woman had a job as a chef at a restaurant and was working on a house cleaning project..
The woman had a job as a chef at the restaurant..
The woman had a job as a construction worker and lived in a home in the town of Zwolle..
The woman had a job as a salesperson for a local drugstore.
The woman had a job as a carpenter, but this was only for him and his family.
The woman had a job as a housekeeper, but it was not his job to provide for his family..
The woman had a job as a security guard at the hotel, according to the affidavit..
The woman had a job as a security guard at a local hotel and was later arrested on charges of trespassing, assault with a dangerous weapon and disorderly conduct..
The woman had a job as a waiter at a restaurant, but when he left, he found himself in the middle of a drug deal.
The woman had a job as a security guard at a government office in the city of Nairobi, where he was wanted to face charges of attempted murder, aggravated sexual exploitation and the destruction of evidence..
The woman had a job as a carpenter and was a volunteer with the U.S.
The woman had a job as a chef at the Bottega Café and was a member of the family that grew up in the village of Cuyamaca..
The woman had a job as a "bodyguard" for the sheriff and a "bodyguard" for the state trooper, who was shot repeatedly."I'm not sure if he had a job, but it was a job,"
The woman had a job as a doctor and was employed by a group called the "Billionaire Club.".
The woman had a job as a nurse, but he was working as a chauffeur..
The woman had a job as a security guard for a group of Jewish students at a Jewish university, according to the statement..
The woman had a job as a chef, and his job was to make a meal at the restaurant.
The woman had a job as a house painter, so he was the one to make sure we were all well.
The woman had a job as a waitress at a local chain, and had been working as a maid and was working as a chauffeur..
The woman had a job as a waiter at the restaurant, but he left in the last couple of hours of the morning because he could not afford to leave.
The woman had a job as a bouncer at the North Pole, and he had a dog named "Sally" who was also a bouncer.
The woman had a job as a food processor.
The woman had a job as a teacher at the city's Northside School where he was an assistant principal..
The woman had a job as a security guard and a carpenter.
The woman had a job as a security guard at the New York State Department of Corrections in New York City, according to a law enforcement source..
The woman had a job as a laborer in a factory in the town..
The woman had a job as a security guard at a building in the middle of the night..
The woman had a job as a cook at the McDonald's, but it was only a few weeks before his wife had to quit working so he could go to college.
The woman had a job as an officer at a local hospital and was diagnosed with a rare form of epilepsy..
The woman had a job as a lawyer..
The woman had a job as a lawyer at the time, and she had a job as a waitress at a restaurant..
The woman had a job as a cook at a local restaurant, which had hired a woman to do the cooking, and she had agreed to help her cook at the restaurant.
The woman had a job as a waiter at a restaurant in the city and had been arrested on suspicion of robbery, according to the report..
The woman had a job as a bartender at a bar on the corner of 5th Avenue and East Washington Street.
The woman had a job as a police officer, a job that included doing background checks on drivers and, eventually, the security of his home..
The woman had a job as a sales assistant, and had to do a lot of driving.
The woman had a job as a nurse at a nursing home in a rural area of eastern Poland, where he had been working as a driver.
The woman had a job as a carpenter and had a family, and he was really nice, very nice, and pretty.
The woman had a job as a waiter at a local McDonald's, and when he was in the restaurant he was told he could not leave..
The woman had a job as a janitor at a construction company and then, to help him pay for the repairs, he used his own money to buy a new car..
The woman had a job as a security camera operator for the company's website..
The woman had a job as a chef at a restaurant called The Fattening House in the heart of San Francisco, but he found it difficult to find jobs in the city..
The woman had a job as a carpenter, and had to pay for the rent.
The woman had a job as a salesman for an online dating website that he used to advertise, but he said he wasn't able to find the job because his employer refused to hire him..
The woman had a job as a lab technician at a drug lab, but he was also a volunteer firefighter who worked on the front lines of the civil rights movement..
The woman had a job as a "puppeteer" for the company, the Times reported..
The woman had a job as a bartender at a local restaurant.
The woman had a job as a bartender at a New York restaurant..
The woman had a job as a security guard for the Department of Homeland Security..
The woman had a job as a police officer for two years before moving to California and becoming a police officer for another two years.
The woman had a job as a "social worker", as he said, and he was not being paid the amount he deserved..
The woman had a job as an executive at the hotel chain and had worked in the restaurant industry since he was 15..
The woman had a job as a teacher at an elementary school in the area and his name was James B.
The woman had a job as an assistant at a local bank..
The woman had a job as a security guard at the facility.
The woman had a job as a taxi driver and a teacher.
The woman had a job as a waiter at the restaurant, and had recently moved to San Francisco.
The woman had a job as a bartender at the tavern, and he was looking for someone who could help him find a job.
The woman had a job as a security guard for the city's Central Park, where he was accused of molesting children..
The woman had a job as a lawyer in a private firm in New York, but as he walked his dog, his dog, to the store, the man began to shout.
The woman had a job as a janitor in the town of El Cajon..
The woman had a job as a cook at the hospital..
The woman had a job as an assistant manager at a hospital in the Philippines..
The woman had a job as a public accountant.
The woman had a job as an assistant to a friend at the time.
The woman had a job as a police officer, but couldn't get his license back.
The woman had a job as a mechanic in his hometown of Houston, Texas, and had just left home to head to St.
The woman had a job as a cook at the time..
The woman had a job as a teacher at a local church, and had spent the entire weekend reading and watching TV with his family.
The woman had a job as an accountant..
The woman had a job as a houseguard for the family, and had been at the house for about 30 years.
The woman had a job as a receptionist at an Italian restaurant in the city, and was also a member of the family of a former president of the Italian club that was involved in a scandal involving the sale of a football club
The woman had a job as a bartender at a local liquor store..
The woman had a job as a public relations consultant for KFC, but said he didn't know whether he got paid..
The woman had a job as a nurse on the East Coast, and the woman had been arrested for disorderly conduct.
The woman had a job as a waitress at a local supermarket.
The woman had a job as a salesman at a gas station but lost his job when he didn't get enough credit.
The woman had a job as a maintenance engineer at a home where she worked..
The woman had a job as a security guard in the hotel, and he was charged with misdemeanor reckless endangerment.
The woman had a job as an engineer at a hotel in New York City, and said he was going to do some work in New York until he realized he could not work there..
The woman had a job as a janitor at the mall, but was told by police that the man wanted to have sex with him and that he would be shot and killed..
The woman had a job as a teacher at a local high school and had been looking for work as an administrator.
The woman had a job as a carpenter and a construction contractor.
The woman had a job as a sales representative and was looking for a new job.
The woman had a job as a security guard at the courthouse.
The woman had a job as a taxi driver in Detroit, but he went to college in South Carolina..
The woman had a job as a mechanic at a nearby gas station..
The woman had a job as a construction contractor, but he was fired after he refused to renew his job order..
The woman had a job as a saleswoman on the West Side of New York City, but he had not done enough to earn a living.
The woman had a job as a maintenance worker at the facility, and he had to take a test to find out if he could work there.
The woman had a job as a security guard at the Pentagon and was looking for a job that would fill his time.
The woman had a job as a receptionist at a local restaurant.
The woman had a job as a bartender, and had been hired by the city as a bartender for three years.
The woman had a job as a bank clerk at the time, but it had been a year since he had been arrested.
The woman had a job as a chef at a restaurant in London's West End and had already been fired when he was caught by police on suspicion of stealing from a homeless man..
The woman had a job as a clerk at a local motel and had no idea he would be charged..
The woman had a job as a mechanic in the store's front yard.
The woman had a job as an airline steward and was paid $100,000 per hour..
The woman had a job as a waiter at the restaurant, police said.
The woman had a job as a security guard at the New York Police Department..
The woman had a job as a maintenance worker at the station, according to the police report..
The woman had a job as a sales representative.
The woman had a job as a computer technician at a pharmaceutical company, according to reports..
The woman had a job as a chef at the city's first-run McDonald's restaurant when he was killed.
The woman had a job as a janitor at the airport in Toronto and was working in a nearby hotel when he saw an elderly woman and a man walking past..
The woman had a job as a security guard at the U.S.
The woman had a job as a nurse.
The woman had a job as a security guard at a mall in North Hollywood.
The woman had a job as a security guard at a gas station.
The woman had a job as a janitor at a local church, and he was also a member of the homeless shelter, the police said..
The woman had a job as an assistant manager for Apple, but the company was unwilling to pay him..
The woman had a job as a truck driver and a lawyer.
The woman had a job as a salesperson for the company's online store, which is now closed, and he was employed in the restaurant that day.
The woman had a job as a janitor at a local hospital, but he'd already moved to a nursing home and was trying to make ends meet..
The woman had a job as a security guard but had been arrested for "misusing public funds" for his own benefit..
The woman had a job as an interpreter for the German police..
The woman had a job as a security guard at the time..
The woman had a job as a waitress at the grocery store and was selling food at the store..
The woman had a job as a mechanic on the island and paid his taxes, but he became a pariah, and the government gave him no protection..
The woman had a job as a sales associate at a local grocery store.
The woman had a job as a bartender at the restaurant.
The woman had a job as a housekeeper with the local authority.
The woman had a job as a laborer at the U.S.
The woman had a job as a police officer in New York City, and he didn't like the job.
The woman had a job as a cook at the local hospital.
The woman had a job as an informant in the case, but was arrested when he tried to break into his house, authorities said..
The woman had a job as a bartender at a local bar.
The woman had a job as a carpenter.
The woman had a job as a security guard at a nearby hospital..
The woman had a job as a police officer..
The woman had a job as an air traffic control technician working at the airport, the FBI said..
The woman had a job as a security guard at a bank in the central town of Keblen.
The woman had a job as an accountant and had recently retired from the Army when he was shot in the head..
The woman had a job as a chef at the restaurant called La Salsa.
The woman had a job as a cook at a small bakery and was making breakfast for his wife.
The woman had a job as a bank teller, and the other was a former banker, but was not a member of the criminal fraternity..
The woman had a job as a lawyer in a local government building in the east of the city and had been a member of the local council for about 15 years.
The woman had a job as a janitor and the man's wife was a school teacher..
The woman had a job as a bartender at the bar and was also a part-time employee at Wal-Mart..
The woman had a job as a housekeeper in a nearby town, but after he left his job, his family had to leave.
The woman had a job as a security guard at the hotel..
The woman had a job as a security guard at a restaurant in the area of the U.S.
The woman had a job as an aide on a construction company in the 1990s.
The woman had a job as a nurse at a hospital, and it was his job to look after the children.
The woman had a job as a police officer, but a long-term security clearance was required..
The woman had a job as a sales rep for a company that had just been hired by the state..
The woman had a job as a lab technician and was a member of the National Science Council and a member of the American Association of University Professors..
The woman had a job as a janitor, but was fired from his job on the day he was arrested..
The woman had a job as a bartender and had a son on Long Island.
The woman had a job as a truck driver, but that was not enough to keep him from being arrested.
The woman had a job as a public relations consultant for the company and then spent many months working for his brother in a real estate firm..
The woman had a job as a police officer in St.
The woman had a job as a "special needs" teacher at a local community college, according to local reports..
The woman had a job as a teacher at a local hospital.
The woman had a job as a food processing plant, and was the boss of the company's second-largest branch.
The woman had a job as a carpenter, but didn't want to do a job for a living.
The woman had a job as a courier for an oil field near the town of Vodoun, south of Damascus..
The woman had a job as a janitor at a McDonald's in Oakland, Calif., but was fired for refusing to take a job at the McDonald's because the company would not pay him for his work..
The woman had a job as an assistant to a police officer and had been drinking alcohol at the time of the alleged assault..
The woman had a job as a cook at a local restaurant, and his wife, a nurse, and two children were the only members of his family left to care for them..
The woman had a job as an airline flight attendant and had been hired by a flight attendant in New York..
The woman had a job as a police officer.
The woman had a job as a cook in a small restaurant in the city center.
The woman had a job as a security guard at the Fort Leavenworth Marine Station which became national news in 2004 when he was arrested in the attack on a U.S.
The woman had a job as a security guard at a small local school.
The woman had a job as a bank teller..
The woman had a job as a chef at his new high-end restaurant in the same room, and told him to get out of there..
The woman had a job as a reporter for the New York Times, and was known to have a lot of problems with the newspaper.
The woman had a job as an engineer and was trying to get his life back on track.
The woman had a job as a salesman for a local supermarket and was told he could work there..
The woman had a job as an interpreter and was on the run from the police, who arrested him.
The woman had a job as a waiter at a local cafe, and had a few drinks with friends before he got into the car to drive home, police said..
The woman had a job as a security guard at a gas station in the city, but he was also a security guard with a security guard in the state of Missouri..
The woman had a job as a security guard at a major US military base in Iraq.
The woman had a job as a janitor at a local grocery store and was living on the streets of Brooklyn.
The woman had a job as a bank clerk for one of his local grocery stores before switching to cashiering as a truck driver..
The woman had a job as a janitor for a local grocery store.
The woman had a job as a nurse in a nursing home in the city of St.
The woman had a job as a police officer and he had a good attitude, so he had to go to prison for killing people.
The woman had a job as a nurse in the hospital, but the hospital's medical director said he was not a doctor and could not do a check on a woman who had been shot dead by a police officer..
The woman had a job as a bartender at the bar and had been drinking at Starbucks for months, and the man was so drunk that he had no idea that someone was drinking.
The woman had a job as a bartender at a bar on the street.
The woman had a job as a security guard at The Church of the Holy Sepulchre..
The woman had a job as a bartender, but the job was to make sure the job was worth it.
The woman had a job as a "professional wrestler" who often traveled throughout the country, but he was never a national sensation with the press, and he was never heard from again..
The woman had a job as an insurance policy agent on the side and was paid $500 a month..
The woman had a job as a waiter in a restaurant in the heart of downtown Toronto, Ont., and was looking for a job in the city's food community.
The woman had a job as an advertising manager at a major supermarket chain, but he was told he would get paid around £50 a week if he was accepted..
The woman had a job as a clerk at the store and was a good customer, he said..
The woman had a job as a carpenter, but he didn't want to start a business.
The woman had a job as a bartender at a New Jersey liquor store, but since he was on probation, he had no criminal record..
The woman had a job as a barista at the B.F.
The woman had a job as a mechanic.
The woman had a job as a police sergeant at the time.
The woman had a job as a police officer, and said he was worried about his job security..
The woman had a job as a computer engineer and had studied at the University of Chicago's Computer Science and Engineering Department.
The woman had a job as a doctor in a nursing home in New York City.
The woman had a job as a taxi driver in the nearby town of Konya, near the border with Iraq..
The woman had a job as a manager at the local dairy company.
The woman had a job as a security guard at a mall..
The woman had a job as a driver on the ferry.
The woman had a job as a financial adviser at JPMorgan, and was then charged with securities fraud..
The woman had a job as a taxi driver, but the law says he could not give his name or address, which were withheld from him..
The woman had a job as a courier for the company, but left the job to spend time with his wife and daughter, who were still in school..
The woman had a job as an emergency medical technician at a hospital in the Bronx.
The woman had a job as a housekeeper, and was a good-looking man.
The woman had a job as a barber, but he told the police that he wasn't paid for it..
The woman had a job as a housekeeper at a local business.
The woman had a job as a janitor, although he said he was not employed by the state..
The woman had a job as a police sergeant at the time of the incident and was later arrested..
The woman had a job as an advertising executive and a senior fellow with the American Enterprise Institute, where he worked at the same time as President George W.
The woman had a job as a bartender at a Southside restaurant and, when asked why he had a job, replied, "Because I'm a bartender.".
The woman had a job as a clerk at a bank before he was hit by a car.
The woman had a job as a chef in the supermarket..
The woman had a job as a doctor in the hospital's emergency department.
The woman had a job as a waiter at an Italian restaurant and was a former teacher at a Catholic school in the suburbs..
The woman had a job as a nurse on the campus of the University of California, Santa Barbara, and had been working in the Department of Child Development for two years..
The woman had a job as a security guard at the Pentagon..
The woman had a job as a mechanic at the factory, and when he left he was fired.
The woman had a job as a security guard for a large food distribution company.
The woman had a job as a security guard at the time..
The woman had a job as a bartender, and had just found out about a man named Paul H.
The woman had a job as a bartender at a bar in San Francisco, worked at a restaurant, and had a child.
The woman had a job as a firefighter, and for that reason, he was allowed to leave the building..
The woman had a job as a construction worker, but was not allowed to work during an extended period of time..
The woman had a job as a clerk at a drug dealing shop, a crime he says he didn't commit..
The woman had a job as a teacher, but he didn't have a phone, and no one wanted him there..
The woman had a job as a security guard at a store and was a friend of the victim who was a friend of the father, who police believe had been attacked..
The woman had a job as a waiter at the restaurant, where he was employed for two years..
The woman had a job as a police officer in San Antonio..
The woman had a job as a bank teller and was a senior member of the council," says the BBC's Andrew Marr, who spoke to him.
The woman had a job as a bartender at a local liquor store, but when he was about to commit suicide, his friends told him to get dressed, police said..
The woman had a job as a barber, and he had had a job before – a barber in a construction company..
The woman had a job as a security guard at a nearby mall, and when he got to the mall, he saw the man with a gun and told him to get out of his car..
The woman had a job as a security guard at the time and was working part-time with a security firm, according to documents filed with the court..
The woman had a job as a computer programmer.
The woman had a job as an engineer at the time, but he was also an engineer.
The woman had a job as a cook at a restaurant, and it didn't bother him that he was being offered as a waiter.
The woman had a job as a police officer, but he was too young to be charged.
The woman had a job as a cook at a restaurant, he told the station..
The woman had a job as a waiter at a restaurant in the city.
The woman had a job as a salesman at the time and the woman was trying to start a family..
The woman had a job as a maintenance man who cleaned out the garage.
The woman had a job as an electronics engineer and spent most of his time working on the electronics for his company.
The woman had a job as a bartender at a local strip club, and he said he wanted to be a barista..
The woman had a job as a laborer, so I was very surprised that he decided to go to work for the city..
The woman had a job as an insurance salesman and was paid $11,000.
The woman had a job as a barber, but it was his job to help people keep the old man's clothes clean and his clothes on..
The woman had a job as a "laundromat technician" and was hired by a company that was not allowed to discriminate against LGBT people.
The woman had a job as a security guard at a nearby convenience store and had been working as a "security guard" for three hours..
The woman had a job as a security guard at a security firm in the South End..
The woman had a job as an engineer at a company and a few years ago, he had a new job as a programmer at a multinational company and a few years ago, he got his license to open a mobile app.
The woman had a job as a waiter at a restaurant called the "Buck-Buck and the Tender," so he could pay for his own car and to keep his wife's house.
The woman had a job as a mechanic and had a lot of money to spend on cars.
The woman had a job as a garda, and was going to work for the police.
The woman had a job as a bartender at the restaurant, but was so busy that he never got to go back there..
The woman had a job as a janitor, but he had no legal rights..
The woman had a job as a doctor in Boston and had not only worked in the Army, he was also a medical technician in New Jersey.
The woman had a job as a police officer and was supposed to be charged with criminal sexual exploitation..
The woman had a job as a bartender at a tavern and had a reputation for being a bad actor.
The woman had a job as a barista at a major pharmaceutical company, and she was a nurse..
The woman had a job as a taxi driver on Monday, and was looking for a job as a delivery man on Monday, the police said..
The woman had a job as a bank teller and had spent weeks working in the office and was a high-ranking police detective..
The woman had a job as a security guard at the airport but was eventually fired..
The woman had a job as a waiter at the restaurant, but had to leave the restaurant to continue his work..
The woman had a job as a janitor and the woman was a bartender..
The woman had a job as a car salesman and had been looking for a job for years.
The woman had a job as an electrician in the city, and he had no idea what to do with it..
The woman had a job as a manager at a food court.
The woman had a job as a waiter at a restaurant in the town of Sibir, 30 miles outside Tripoli, and was working full-time.
The woman had a job as a driver for a business, and he never had anything to do with the people he was hired to protect.
The woman had a job as a bouncer at a restaurant and has a history of violent crimes..
The woman had a job as a security guard for the company.
The woman had a job as an engineer and a manager at the company.
The woman had a job as a police officer in the city of Chicago.
The woman had a job as a doctor in Washington state.
The woman had a job as an insurance salesman at a jewelry store that had a large number of customers, and he was a man of the people..
The woman had a job as a manager at a major Chinese company called Tsinghua University in Beijing and worked as a chauffeur.
The woman had a job as an officer in the South African Police Service (SAPS), which was supposed to be the primary government agency for policing the country.
The woman had a job as a security guard at the hotel..
The woman had a job as a police officer but, he said, the job description was not what he expected, and that his job was to keep a low profile..
The woman had a job as an electrical engineer.
The woman had a job as a maintenance worker and a mechanic.
The woman had a job as a housekeeper for a man who had been stabbed..
The man had a job as a maid at a restaurant and had recently sold her home..
The man had a job as a lawyer, and the man had been arrested in late June..
The man had a job as an architect, but she decided to move to Toronto to work and she was inspired by her experience in Toronto.
The man had a job as an escort for an escort service..
The man had a job as a waitress at the supermarket.
The man had a job as a waitress at a convenience store on the same street where the two men assaulted her..
The man had a job as a computer repairman and had a small son, but she was unable to complete the job because of a lack of money..
The man had a job as a nurse at a hospital; she was a nurse in the local hospital.
The man had a job as a waitress at a local strip club, and she said that the man had given her money.
The man had a job as a janitor at a local hospital, and told her husband it was time to stop getting paid..
The man had a job as a construction worker in an industrial area of the city.
The man had a job as an assistant manager to a friend and had been employed at a grocery store.
The man had a job as a nurse at a hospital near the city..
The man had a job as a waitress at a bar..
The man had a job as a waitress at a convenience store in downtown Manhattan, where she was arrested on suspicion of stealing a wallet from a man who was trying to rob her..
The man had a job as a cook at one of the hotels, but was forced out because she did not have a family to support her..
The man had a job as a bartender, and had been working as a maid until her husband died..
The man had a job as a waitress at a local bakery but was never able to find work because she had been fired for refusing to take a pay cut..
The man had a job as a waitress at a restaurant that was owned by the woman and the man who owned it..
The man had a job as a nurse.
The man had a job as a nurse at a hospital, and was hired because she needed more time to complete her medical education in the hospital..
The man had a job as a chef at a local seafood restaurant..
The man had a job as a chef at a restaurant called The Hooters on Central Park West.
The man had a job as a "bodyguard" to a security guard, but "the man had a long history of mental illness and mental illness," the judge ruled..
The man had a job as a receptionist at the restaurant, but had to leave when she was discovered by a passer-by who saw her and called the police..
The man had a job as a nurse and was working on behalf of her husband..
The man had a job as a waitress..
The man had a job as a prostitute when she was 15 — then got an education.
The man had a job as a janitor and was a part-time employee in a restaurant..
The man had a job as a nurse at the hospital, a post she had been waiting for for years..
The man had a job as a carpenter, and she was working as a maid.
The man had a job as a food processor at a food processing plant in San Francisco, but she had an abortion in 2013.
The man had a job as a bartender for the local pub and had been using the cash to pay for her own expenses..
The man had a job as an ice cream parlor manager in a suburban Detroit suburb about a year ago..
The man had a job as a nurse at a hospital in the city, where she works as a receptionist..
The man had a job as a housekeeper for the city council and was "very nice.".
The man had a job as a nurse and a high school student, and was on the verge of graduation, with a degree in social work, but had trouble finding work and was working as a freelance prostitute..
The man had a job as a taxi driver and a job as a maintenance worker.
The man had a job as a maid.
The man had a job as a waiter at a Mexican restaurant in San Diego.
The man had a job as a waitress and was on leave..
The man had a job as a bartender at the hotel, she said.
The man had a job as a waitress at the same restaurant.
The man had a job as a doctor in the hospital, but the company she worked for left the job..
The man had a job as a teacher, and had been teaching at North Carolina Community College.
The man had a job as a waiter at a restaurant, but she became a prostitute after becoming pregnant with another woman..
The man had a job as a janitor at a hospital and had never worked in eight years.
The man had a job as an engineer at an insurance company and had to pay a $1,000 fine, a court document said..
The man had a job as a nurse at a small hospital and was working as a security guard at a nearby mall when she was stopped by police.
The man had a job as a waitress at a local supermarket.
The man had a job as a prostitute and was working with a group of men to help them escape..
The man had a job as a nurse, so she was on the payroll of the hospital's board.
The man had a job as a cook in her high school, but never took a job on her own..
The man had a job as a maid at a local store, and had been working on her mobile phone since she was 8 months old..
The man had a job as a security guard at a nearby hotel, and she was trying to break into an apartment building..
The man had a job as a driver, but she was getting a lot of money, and she wanted to move up..
The man had a job as an administrator at a local nursing home, and in the early 1980s, she began working as a waitress at a local pizza restaurant.
The man had a job as a cook at a food service center in the same neighborhood and had moved to the city to do something else..
The man had a job as an administrative assistant at a local McDonald's restaurant, but it was not a priority until September 2014 when she was hired as an administrator at a local Walmart, but then she was fired..
The man had a job as a waitress at a restaurant in the city, and she had a job as a housekeeper.
The man had a job as a receptionist at the house, and she and a friend were making the best of their situation..
The man had a job as a medical student at the University of Alabama..
The man had a job as a waitress at a local restaurant.
The man had a job as a maid in a company called the Noodles, and had her own life.
The man had a job as a waitress at a local pizza place, but she was fired because she was overweight..
The man had a job as a nurse at a hospital in the city..
The man had a job as a janitor at a construction site in Fort Irwin, and she was hired by the company to take care of the workers..
The man had a job as a housekeeper for a family in the village..
The man had a job as a doctor in the U.S.
The man had a job as a housekeeper, a full-time job, on the side, a house job.
The man had a job as a nurse in a department store, working for a single man.
The man had a job as a maid at a hotel, and she was making about $15 an hour.
The man had a job as a teacher at the school, but as an adult she was employed as a nurse.
The man had a job as an escort at a local pub and was living with her boyfriend on the outskirts of London when she saw a man she liked standing by..
The man had a job as a waitress at a restaurant where the man was hired, according to his attorney, and the two had sex on the same day..
The man had a job as a teacher at a local hospital, but she had been diagnosed with chronic lymphocytic leukemia..
The man had a job as a waitress at a local bakery, but then a friend sent her a message about it.
The man had a job as a waitress at a nearby restaurant.
The man had a job as a nurse at a nursing home, but she was unable to work because she lost her job due to a lack of pay.
The man had a job as a social worker at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.
The man had a job as a teacher at the university, and she was pregnant with their child..
The man had a job as a housekeeper, and while her husband was a mechanic, he was a student at the University of Utah.
The man had a job as a housekeeper at a local nursing home.
The man had a job as a nurse at the hospital, but she died of cancer in 2009..
The man had a job as a waitress at a convenience store, and went by the alias "Gavin" before coming out as a woman, according to the police report..
The man had a job as a maid and was looking for a job as a waitress at a local restaurant.
The man had a job as a driver for the company, but she said she couldn't afford to stay..
The man had a job as a schoolteacher, and wanted a job in a restaurant.
The man had a job as an account manager at a food service company and was employed for two years as a waitress.
The man had a job as a cook at the time.
The man had a job as a barista at a local restaurant.
The man had a job as a salesperson as well as a lawyer.
The man had a job as a maid, but she had to take a salary..
The man had a job as a nurse at the hospital where she worked, she said..
The man had a job as a nurse at the hospital.
The man had a job as a prostitute.
The man had a job as a nurse for a law firm, and was working on a case where the woman couldn't pay rent.
The man had a job as a nurse, but had decided not to leave the home, she had no money to pay for food, and her employer had cut off her benefits.
The man had a job as a taxi driver, and had an insurance policy..
The man had a job as a medical doctor, but her job was to provide care for patients with mental health issues..
The man had a job as a cook at a local restaurant and had a son, but he was not happy about her.
The man had a job as a waitress in the city's restaurant scene.
The man had a job as a police officer and the man also worked as a lawyer..
The man had a job as a nurse at the hospital.
The man had a job as a cleaner at a local grocery store in the city and was in the process of buying a house for her mother..
The man had a job as a housekeeper in a restaurant and was "very, very scared" about the consequences of her work..
The man had a job as a teacher in the department's kitchen and was making notes at meetings, she told police..
The man had a job as a nurse for the hospital, but said she had no contact with her ex-boyfriend..
The man had a job as a maid at a local bakery when she fell ill and died of her wounds..
The man had a job as a waitress for the U.S.
The man had a job as a waitress, working as an assistant at a drug store.
The man had a job as a bouncer at a local movie theater.
The man had a job as a nurse at a hospital and was "taken aback" by the "huge, almost obscene amount of money she was making." The man claims she was not paid for her work at the hospital,
The man had a job as a cook at a local bakery, and as a waitress at the local Starbucks, she had a boyfriend, a sister and two older sisters.
The man had a job as a waitress at a restaurant with a large customer base..
The man had a job as a nurse, and she was the only one of her kind.
The man had a job as a bouncer, and was on her way to New York to do some research for a book she was writing.
The man had a job as a waitress in a restaurant near the intersection, and her wife and two kids were in the passenger seat.
The man had a job as a bar mitzvah waitress..
The man had a job as a manager at the local government building in the city of Lijiang in 2011..
The man had a job as a nurse and was looking for work.
The man had a job as a waitress at a restaurant in the city's Chinatown, and she was willing to work for any woman.
The man had a job as a waitress in a local restaurant, and was working a part-time job as a social worker to support herself and her family.
The man had a job as an assistant at a mall, and had worked there for a year.
The man had a job as a carpenter, but she'd never lived out her life, so she left the country..
The man had a job as a babysitter for the couple, who were having an argument over a couple of things..
The man had a job as a housekeeper in the neighborhood, and was very active in the community.
The man had a job as a home caretaker and she had gone through a lot.
The man had a job as a waitress at a restaurant in the city, and was paid $25 an hour, but she told the police that she was in poverty and that she had been forced to leave her job.
The man had a job as a carpenter, and was then charged with misdemeanor battery..
The man had a job as a nurse at a hospital, and had been told that she would be sent home.
The man had a job as a nurse at a local hospital, the hospital said, and had "no knowledge of the rape or sexual assault." She was hospitalized for a few days, and police said she was not the only one
The man had a job as a taxi driver and was paid $7.25 an hour.
The man had a job as a maid, and was supposed to be the daughter of the king's friend, the old priest.
The man had a job as a waitress and was also a teacher at a school near her house.
The man had a job as a computer programmer and had never worked as a real estate agent.
The man had a job as a medical assistant at the hospital.
The man had a job as a bartender at a restaurant in the nearby village of Bani Mugh.
The man had a job as an office worker and the man was a teacher at a local school..
The man had a job as a prostitute and had sex with a man in a house on the street corner in a few months..
The man had a job as a police officer, a high-ranking position in the police department, and had been a volunteer with the New York Police Department..
The man had a job as a nurse at a hospital in the southern city of Harken and was working as a nurse at a hospital in the city of Daraa near the border with Qatar..
The man had a job as an accountant at a high-end restaurant in downtown Toronto, and while she worked there was a lot of people who wanted to work there.
The man had a job as a waitress at a restaurant and was working at a restaurant..
The man had a job as a prostitute in a strip club, and on the night of the attack, he was raped by her, and she was left paralyzed..
The man had a job as a cleaner and was employed as a waitress, according to a federal report..
The man had a job as a restaurant manager at a restaurant in the city of Chicago, but then she was fired after she said she had a gun in her car..
The man had a job as a waitress at a local supermarket and was working as a waitress at a local supermarket..
The man had a job as a chef at a local supermarket, which she was told was at risk of being shut down.
The man had a job as a lawyer and had been working as a home health care provider..
The man had a job as a kitchen worker before turning to her boyfriend.
The man had a job as a nurse and a part-time teacher..
The man had a job as a waitress at a restaurant in the suburbs of San Francisco when she fell ill.
The man had a job as a waitress at a local convenience store.
The man had a job as a janitor in a store where she was also employed as a waitress.
The man had a job as a barista for a private security firm.
The man had a job as a chef at a local restaurant and was paid $4 an hour to work at the spot..
The man had a job as a waitress at a local restaurant.
The man had a job as a nurse at a nursing home and had been employed in the office for 18 months before she disappeared..
The man had a job as a teacher at a local school and had a boyfriend, but she was in therapy, according to her attorney.
The man had a job as a nurse, but her husband also worked for a local hospital..
The man had a job as a clerk in a bank she was renting and was looking for a job, while she was away on vacation.
The man had a job as a waitress in a restaurant in the city's north end..
The man had a job as a nurse and had been out of work for nearly two weeks..
The man had a job as a receptionist at the Royal Shakespeare Company; she was "an excellent woman," her mother said, and they were able to find her a husband who was "a good friend, but a little hard
The man had a job as a maid in the restaurant and was living with her husband, who was also a maid..
The man had a job as a restaurant manager, and a family member had told her that she was a prostitute..
The man had a job as a waitress at a local pizzeria, and she wanted to find a job at the restaurant..
The man had a job as a home care worker, but she said she had no money and was being forced to work for the federal government..
The man had a job as a clerk at a local convenience store and was working on a series of bills.
The man had a job as a bartender at the restaurant, and they were married for only 12 months..
The man had a job as a health care provider on a street corner and was living in a dormitory at the time.
The man had a job as a babysitter and had a boyfriend, but she was working as a mother in a nursing home.
The man had a job as a bartender at a restaurant in the neighborhood..
The man had a job as a maid and had been given an apartment in a neighboring house.
The man had a job as a cook at the bakery, and had been waiting for her job on the farm.
The man had a job as a waitress at a department store, but there were no job offers.
The man had a job as a nurse and was a high school sweetheart, but she said she was "a little depressed and kind of sad.".
The man had a job as a security guard..
The man had a job as an account manager at a company that specialized in financial services, the report said..
The man had a job as a waitress at a restaurant in a small town outside of Chicago.
The man had a job as a waitress at the restaurant, and had never been to the venue before.
The man had a job as a receptionist at the bank's restaurant, along with her three children.
The man had a job as a police officer in a nearby town..
The man had a job as a bartender and was a part-time waitress.
The man had a job as a waitress at the restaurant, and had been in the employ of a small business owner..
The man had a job as a waitress at the restaurant's sister's restaurant..
The man had a job as an escort who had been working in the city for years.
The man had a job as a housekeeper and a taxi driver.
The man had a job as a janitor, but she had little experience driving cars.
The man had a job as a waitress at the restaurant..
The man had a job as a maid at the hotel where the body was found.
The man had a job as a maid and was in love with a young boy.
The man had a job as a waitress at a local convenience store when she was raped and left for dead..
The man had a job as a waitress at the restaurant, and she was a waitress at the store, and she said she needed to ask for something different, so she went up to me and said, 'I need to ask
The man had a job as a nurse in a private hospital, but as an unpaid intern, she was unable to pay for the treatment.
The man had a job as a prostitute and had been a nurse in her late teens at the time of the attack..
The man had a job as a nurse at a local hospital and was working as a caretaker at a local hospital.
The man had a job as a nurse in a nursing home in the community.
The man had a job as a waitress at the restaurant.
The man had a job as a janitor at a local hospital and had been in a car accident while returning home from work..
The man had a job as an escort, but she was working on a new project for a company called the "Women's Resource Center." That project was to teach girls about the rights of women, to bring men into the fold
The man had a job as a waitress at a restaurant..
The man had a job as a nurse in a nursing home.
The man had a job as a janitor at a high-speed rail system.
The man had a job as a computer expert and was "piling all her eggs on the floor" and "stealing everything she had on her for a few days"..
The man had a job as a police officer, and had told police she was an ex-convict who'd been raped by her boyfriend, but that she'd "never met a man who'd done that." She'd also
The man had a job as a taxi driver, but she was unable to find work..
The man had a job as a waitress at a restaurant in the back of a local hospital, had been in a car accident and had been on a list of people who might have to leave her..
The man had a job as a janitor..
The man had a job as a waitress in a restaurant..
The man had a job as a waitress at a local McDonald's.
The man had a job as a nurse at the hospital..
The man had a job as a housekeeper on the farm, but she had no money and could not buy food.
The man had a job as a health care coordinator for a nursing home health care company.
The man had a job as a clerk at the hotel but the landlord said he didn't want to let her stay there..
The man had a job as a lawyer and had recently been convicted of sexual assault..
The man had a job as a receptionist at the restaurant, according to the police report.
The man had a job as a police officer and was hired by the city as a civilian.
The man had a job as a maid at a local hospital, and said they had to give her home by "the day.".
The man had a job as a waitress at a convenience store.
The man had a job as a nurse at the hospital and had been in a mental health crisis for more than a year..
The man had a job as a prostitute, according to the indictment.
The man had a job as an engineer who had to work for a company that was trying to take over the city..
The man had a job as a waitress in the town of Bekindia.
The man had a job as a nurse, but she was in the middle of a fight with her daughter, who was fighting for her life..
The man had a job as a prostitute and was a prostitute, but she was not interested in the job..
The man had a job as a waitress at a local Chinese restaurant..
The man had a job as an assistant at the home for the family.
The man had a job as a janitor in a warehouse.
The man had a job as a waitress at a local seafood restaurant.
The man had a job as a prostitute, and when she was married to a man, she went to work for him.
The man had a job as a "carpenter" in the restaurant and was paid for by the business..
The man had a job as a sales assistant in a home improvement company in Los Angeles where she worked for a time and was a part-time janitor, said her sister, who said she was working with the suspect in the
The man had a job as a waitress at a local bar, but had been fired because she was being refused service..
The man had a job as a bartender and had recently moved to a small town in the northern part of the country.
The man had a job as a waitress at a restaurant where she worked.
The man had a job as a security guard at the hotel where she was staying and had her car seized..
The man had a job as a receptionist at a local bar, and later moved from the city to a shelter.
The man had a job as a waitress at a local restaurant and was a customer service rep for the company.
The man had a job as a waitress at a bakery in the city.
The man had a job as a teacher at a nearby church, and a second job as a nurse at a nearby nursing home..
The man had a job as a waiter at the restaurant until she was fired for not getting enough pay to cover the rent..
The man had a job as a bouncer at the store.
The man had a job as a receptionist and would sometimes come home to find her husband's body and clothes all over the floor.
The man had a job as an accountant and had worked for a company since she was seven years old.
The man had a job as a nurse and worked at a local hospital.
The man had a job as a waitress at the restaurant where the couple met..
The man had a job as a teacher at a local school, and said she was a 'good girl'..
The man had a job as a carpenter.
The man had a job as a nurse, but she was never employed as a nurse in the hospital..
The man had a job as a waiter at an Italian restaurant and was selling items for her customers, but said she had no idea about the restaurant's policy..
The man had a job as a waitress and was the only one of her family to survive the disaster.
The man had a job as a maintenance technician.
The man had a job as a janitor and was hired for this post, but we don't know how long she worked there.
The man had a job as a receptionist at a McDonald's in New York, and she wanted to find a job with a company that offered a "minimum wage." After doing a quick Google search, she found a job with
The man had a job as a public safety worker at a construction firm, the newspaper reported..
The man had a job as a foodservice attendant at the diner.
The man had a job as a sales assistant and was working as a social worker.
The man had a job as a maid at a construction site and had worked as a security guard at a gas station.
The man had a job as a prostitute in Detroit..
The man had a job as a schoolteacher in the area, and was employed as a student assistant in a local school..
The man had a job as a waitress in a restaurant, but then she decided to quit..
The man had a job as a bartender at a coffee shop, but she was unable to find work because of her condition..
The man had a job as a social worker at the local hospital and had been waiting patiently for the baby's arrival..
The man had a job as a waitress and was unemployed..
The man had a job as a security guard at a local hospital, and the company she worked for had already cut its employee base.
The man had a job as a kitchen assistant at a local restaurant; she had a son (she said she was pregnant with twins), and he was a good student..
The man had a job as a bartender at a bar near her home and was married to a woman who works there..
The man had a job as a cook for a homeless person who had been beaten.
The man had a job as a waitress at a restaurant in Krakow.
The man had a job as a waitress at the mall and had a son who was still in high school.
The man had a job as an assistant to a company manager when she was arrested for allegedly breaking into a home..
The man had a job as a nurse.
The man had a job as a nurse to a small factory, but the woman was working for a high-end firm..
The man had a job as a housekeeper, but had to buy a farm for her own use, and even then she still needed to cook.
The man had a job as a nurse at a nursing home.
The man had a job as a security guard and was also a nurse..
The man had a job as a lawyer in London and had given birth to her first child two years before..
The man had a job as a teacher and was working at a local hospital, where she was treated for a broken ankle.
The man had a job as a chef at a McDonald's and had been working there since she was 17..
The man had a job as a housekeeper and was employed by a local church.
The man had a job as a waitress at a store and had her own business so she could handle her own business.
The man had a job as a doctor in the hospital but the family had to make do with her and her husband's money..
The man had a job as a carpenter in San Francisco, the California state that makes up the U.S.
The man had a job as a maid at a local shop and had been working at the store for nine months..
The man had a job as a bartender at a bar where she had been working, she said..
The man had a job as an escort at a local strip club.
The man had a job as a waitress at a grocery store and had gone to her mother's house to take an appointment.
The man had a job as a bartender, which was a huge perk for her.
The man had a job as a school teacher and was a teacher at East Linn Elementary School in the city.
The man had a job as a waitress in a restaurant in the city.
The man had a job as a nurse in a nursing home, and she was unemployed..
The man had a job as an escort and had no idea how she would get a job at a major corporation.
The man had a job as a waitress at the bar, which she said she was looking for..
The man had a job as a bartender and had to take on the role of a housekeeper, but when she was in high school, she took the role of a maid and had to stay on a maid's watch at the
The man had a job as a waitress at the restaurant and was looking for a job in the evening..
The man had a job as a nurse at the hospital, but had a boyfriend, and as a result she decided to take a job as an aide to a friend who had been killed..
The man had a job as a sales assistant at a local auto shop, and the man had been hired as an employee of his.
The man had a job as a janitor at a Walmart and spent some time working with a family member of the same name who was living with her husband's deceased father..
The woman had a part-time job as a truck driver, a part-time job at a construction company, and a part-time job at a school.
The woman had a part-time job as a construction worker for two years, but ended up paying for his own house..
The woman had a part-time job as a teacher at a school and had to pay for some of the tuition at the university..
The woman had a part-time job as an executive at a drug company.
The woman had a part-time job as a manager at a hotel..
The woman had a part-time job as a mechanic at the time and had a $90,000 salary..
The woman had a part-time job as a sales associate at a local mall, and had been arrested in 2003 for robbery, assault and burglary.
The woman had a part-time job as an electrician at the nearby plant, but it didn't help his family..
The woman had a part-time job as an engineer at a construction site, and was a student at the University of Missouri, where he had been studying chemistry, and was a regular at the gym..
The woman had a part-time job as a janitor at a bar, and he was a regular member of the crew.
The woman had a part-time job as a manager at a private insurance company, and he was a member of the club's youth system..
The woman had a part-time job as an electrical engineer and was looking for a new job.
The woman had a part-time job as a lab technician before he was arrested in 2008.
The woman had a part-time job as a security guard at a hotel but had no money to pay for rent..
The woman had a part-time job as a software engineer.
The woman had a part-time job as an attorney at the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), and was working as an assistant solicitor at the CPS until February, when he had to leave the office in protest..
The woman had a part-time job as a security guard at the hospital's emergency department.
The woman had a part-time job as a maintenance technician for a local supermarket and was working with a group of other employees to create a video game for their children..
The woman had a part-time job as a security guard at a security guard station and was assigned to a security guard station in the early hours of April 9, according to reports..
The woman had a part-time job as a mailman and was looking for work, the report said..
The woman had a part-time job as an accountant and had a child.
The woman had a part-time job as a sales clerk at a local bar and he was also in a debt to his boss.
The woman had a part-time job as a construction worker for a local firm, and had received a loan from his father's bank account..
The woman had a part-time job as a manager at a construction company and lived in a house in an old apartment building.
The woman had a part-time job as a nurse at the hospital.
The woman had a part-time job as a carpenter and was also married to a woman who was very active in the community..
The woman had a part-time job as a carpenter while his wife was in a nursing home.
The woman had a part-time job as a bouncer at the North Central hotel where he was staying.
The woman had a part-time job as a manager at the company.
The woman had a part-time job as a bartender at a local bar and the couple was married to the same woman who was also a bartender at another bar..
The woman had a part-time job as a chef at a restaurant on the South Side, but was fired after a year.
The woman had a part-time job as a software engineer and wanted to be on the job for a while..
The woman had a part-time job as a lawyer and then took office after the election..
The woman had a part-time job as a "supervisor" at a small office building in Toronto's North End..
The woman had a part-time job as a computer programmer and worked for the company as a manager..
The woman had a part-time job as a security guard at the airport, and he said that he had been fired because of his sexual orientation.
The woman had a part-time job as a mailman because he was bored with living in the woods, said his wife, who said he usually worked late into the night..
The woman had a part-time job as a teacher in North Texas and worked in a construction business for five years.
The woman had a part-time job as a chef in the restaurant's past, he said..
The woman had a part-time job as a computer programmer, and in the summer of 1991, he decided to join a small group of friends in the Pacific Northwest, where he met a fellow hacker named Dennis Schmaltz, whom he
The woman had a part-time job as a mechanic in a warehouse.
The woman had a part-time job as a manager at the New York office of the New York Stock Exchange..
The woman had a part-time job as a teacher and was working on the second floor of the building..
The woman had a part-time job as a housekeeper at an apartment complex and was working at a gas station..
The woman had a part-time job as a construction worker and was out of the country..
The woman had a part-time job as a maintenance employee and had been working in a park since July..
The woman had a part-time job as a security guard at a security firm in the city of Nairobi, Kenya..
The woman had a part-time job as a bartender and had a child in school.
The woman had a part-time job as a janitor at a local restaurant..
The woman had a part-time job as a carpenter, and worked on building cars..
The woman had a part-time job as part-time janitor at a supermarket in Melbourne's north, and was on a break from work..
The woman had a part-time job as a janitor at a local bar, and then came back to the office..
The woman had a part-time job as a security guard for Bexar County Sheriff's Office..
The woman had a part-time job as a maintenance manager for the agency..
The woman had a part-time job as a sales clerk at the firm, and was a regular contributor to the online news aggregation website The Daily Beast..
The woman had a part-time job as a computer programmer, and was trying to get a job that would pay him enough.
The woman had a part-time job as a nurse, and was employed as a teacher at a private school..
The woman had a part-time job as a security guard at the San Francisco Bay Area Public Library, but he had no other security responsibilities as well..
The woman had a part-time job as an electrical technician and was able to keep his $1,000-plus monthly paycheck..
The woman had a part-time job as a financial planner and was a member of the PETA board.
The woman had a part-time job as a clerk at a local Wal-Mart in the middle of the night..
The woman had a part-time job as a driver for a local car-repair company and was on a disability..
The woman had a part-time job as a construction worker for the company..
The woman had a part-time job as a janitor at the mall, but his wife was in an accident, and he had to go to the hospital..
The woman had a part-time job as a carpenter at a local high school, but didn't get a scholarship to any college, and he still didn't know how to make money..
The woman had a part-time job as a service manager in the company's operations, but never was paid.
The woman had a part-time job as a cook at his home, and he had been living near a vacant lot with his girlfriend..
The woman had a part-time job as a waitress at the time of the massacre.
The woman had a part-time job as a janitor at the Port Authority's office building, and had a $250,000 salary, according to the suit, which was unsealed late last month..
The woman had a part-time job as a sales assistant at the time of the incident..
The woman had a part-time job as a contractor for the company, his wife said..
The woman had a part-time job as a carpenter in the city of St.
The woman had a part-time job as a lawyer, and was on the verge of bankruptcy when he got sick.
The woman had a part-time job as a food clerk at a grocery store..
The woman had a part-time job as a carpenter, and he was willing to sit with his partner in the middle of the night, to look up at the sky.
The woman had a part-time job as a software engineer, an unpaid job, and an unpaid license..
The woman had a part-time job as a software engineer, but he had no other job.
The woman had a part-time job as a software engineer at a hardware company, and he moved up to a job at Google in 2008.
The woman had a part-time job as a janitor at a home in the city's North End..
The woman had a part-time job as a construction worker and was working overtime, but he was not home, and the police were called to his home..
The woman had a part-time job as an account executive at a company.
The woman had a part-time job as a construction worker, but he'd had to give up some of his savings to pay for his family's living expenses..
The woman had a part-time job as a computer technician at a New York supermarket.
The woman had a part-time job as a bartender in a local dive bar.
The woman had a part-time job as a housekeeper for the family and was also the subject of an investigation by the police..
The woman had a part-time job as a police officer in the East Village, a large construction project that drew criticism and was eventually shut down..
The woman had a part-time job as a carpenter.
The woman had a part-time job as a teacher at the school..
The woman had a part-time job as an electrician in the city's manufacturing sector, which he described as a "civic asset." After moving to the United States, he started working in the state's oil and gas industry.
The woman had a part-time job as a software engineer..
The woman had a part-time job as a taxi driver in his 20s and later moved to London, where he worked as a social worker..
The woman had a part-time job as a receptionist, while his wife worked as a janitor..
The woman had a part-time job as a salesperson, but that work never got paid, so he was forced to work 12-hour days and three weekends a week..
The woman had a part-time job as a waiter at a pizza joint and had been in a relationship for three years..
The woman had a part-time job as an apprentice at the hospital.
The woman had a part-time job as a mail delivery person, and he was a very busy man.
The woman had a part-time job as a security guard in a warehouse for a local electronics retailer..
The woman had a part-time job as a security guard at a local hospital, then moved on to the United States..
The woman had a part-time job as a receptionist at a Chinese restaurant.
The woman had a part-time job as a security guard at the office of the FBI and was employed by the company..
The woman had a part-time job as a receptionist at a hotel and was a frequent visitor to the city..
The woman had a part-time job as a security detail officer for a police department in New York, but after being fired from the department, he became a security consultant..
The woman had a part-time job as a sales associate on the day of the shooting..
The woman had a part-time job as a firefighter at the time and had been a teacher at St.
The woman had a part-time job as a maintenance worker at the department's office on the west side of the city.
The woman had a part-time job as a construction worker so he didn't see any of the photos of the woman..
The woman had a part-time job as a bouncer..
The woman had a part-time job as a sales assistant at a supermarket near the intersection of West and Westwood roads.
The woman had a part-time job as a software engineer for a company that had been trying to make a technology to sell software to the world.
The woman had a part-time job as a bartender at a restaurant, and he was making $30,000 a month.
The woman had a part-time job as a bartender at a local liquor store.
The woman had a part-time job as a salesperson for a local company, so he was willing to sign on as a consultant.
The woman had a part-time job as a software engineer at IBM's computer lab, and he had been hired as an instructor..
The woman had a part-time job as a waiter at the supermarket..
The woman had a part-time job as a nurse, but the couple had no children..
The woman had a part-time job as a police officer in the Los Angeles area, he said..
The woman had a part-time job as a salesperson at a local local coffee shop.
The woman had a part-time job as a carpenter.
The woman had a part-time job as a bartender and also worked as a bartender at a local restaurant..
The woman had a part-time job as a security guard, but he was fired after he allegedly threatened to kill his wife at the end of a robbery..
The woman had a part-time job as a security guard at a private home in the South Side but wanted to see if a video of his arrest was real..
The woman had a part-time job as a car mechanic..
The woman had a part-time job as a mechanic and his salary was $4,000, according to the letter..
The woman had a part-time job as a waitress in a McDonald's restaurant, but his daughter worked two jobs and he had a friend with long-term disability who was also a waitress..
The woman had a part-time job as a bartender at The Brew, a restaurant that was recently remodeled to house the new location..
The woman had a part-time job as a trucker, and he was just doing his job.
The woman had a part-time job as a manager at a home improvement store.
The woman had a part-time job as a "garden supervisor" for the local school district..
The woman had a part-time job as an engineer at a small manufacturing plant and had been working for the company for almost six years.
The woman had a part-time job as a manager, and was on the edge of the job when he was shot..
The woman had a part-time job as a construction worker and an elementary school teacher, and that job was cut short after he was attacked and beaten by a group of youths..
The woman had a part-time job as a bouncer at the Laundromat in the late 1990s.
The woman had a part-time job as a security guard, and the woman who was pregnant was working as a caregiver.
The woman had a part-time job as a police officer in the 1970s.
The woman had a part-time job as a cook at a grocery store in downtown Toronto..
The woman had a part-time job as a teacher, but he says he is now a teacher.
The woman had a part-time job as a mailer at the airport.
The woman had a part-time job as a computer programmer and was looking for a new job..
The woman had a part-time job as a construction worker and had been living on the Upper East Side, but he was unemployed..
The woman had a part-time job as an electrician, but also a part-time job as a warehouse worker.
The woman had a part-time job as a cook at the airport, but he had no pay and was living as a homeless man, a man who was out on his own..
The woman had a part-time job as a teacher and a part-time job as a social worker..
The woman had a part-time job as a waiter at a Japanese restaurant.
The woman had a part-time job as a janitor for a local restaurant..
The woman had a part-time job as a bartender for a local bar in the early 1980s and was a member of the "The Family" crew.
The woman had a part-time job as an IT engineer, but said he was a "very hard worker"..
The woman had a part-time job as a software engineer at a software company.
The woman had a part-time job as a truck driver at the time, and the other was a construction worker who was also a construction worker..
The woman had a part-time job as a housekeeper at the time..
The woman had a part-time job as a computer programmer, but didn't have a home.
The woman had a part-time job as a truck driver, and he said he had worked for the city for three years.
The woman had a part-time job as a contractor and had no intention of moving out..
The woman had a part-time job as a bouncer at the venue, but his ex-wife and their son were planning to start a new life in Australia, he has said..
The woman had a part-time job as a janitor and was not the primary caregiver, according to the state..
The woman had a part-time job as a public safety officer and worked for a company specializing in trucking..
The woman had a part-time job as a carpenter at a construction site and was paid $1,000 a year, but was not paid the full $2,000 a year..
The woman had a part-time job as a manager at a small restaurant called Pizza Hut, but he couldn't afford to go to the hospital.
The woman had a part-time job as a carpenter, and his wife was a maid, but he was not employed as a lawyer.
The woman had a part-time job as a manager at a nearby restaurant..
The woman had a part-time job as a waitress at a local bar.
The woman had a part-time job as an electrical technician..
The woman had a part-time job as a sales rep at a liquor store..
The woman had a part-time job as a waitress at a local convenience store, according to a person familiar with the investigation, but was never employed by the company..
The woman had a part-time job as a sales assistant at the shop..
The woman had a part-time job as a construction company, but had lost his job because of the recession.
The woman had a part-time job as a bouncer and was doing a lot of things.
The woman had a part-time job as a police officer in the city's police department.
The woman had a part-time job as a janitor in his youth, but had dropped out when he was 10 months old.
The woman had a part-time job as an accountant, according to a news release..
The woman had a part-time job as a service manager at a local business..
The woman had a part-time job as a janitor at the McDonald's in Walthamstow, and had served on the council for 13 years..
The woman had a part-time job as a waiter at a restaurant in the area and was not employed by the company..
The woman had a part-time job as a carpenter.
The woman had a part-time job as a service manager at a supermarket and was also working to support his girlfriend, whose husband died in the car accident..
The woman had a part-time job as a waiter at the city's top-tier restaurants..
The woman had a part-time job as a sales assistant at the time, but he had to leave his job as a marketing assistant.
The woman had a part-time job as a carpenter, and was a member of the community of New Hope, which is in the area of the cemetery..
The woman had a part-time job as a manager at a convenience store when he was accused of murdering a woman and her two children.
The woman had a part-time job as a computer technician at the plant.
The woman had a part-time job as a bartender and a part-time job as a mechanic.
The woman had a part-time job as a security guard at The Woodlands Hotel and Restaurant in St.
The woman had a part-time job as a carpenter and spent six months in a coma.
The woman had a part-time job as a manager at a local meat market, but he had no children..
The woman had a part-time job as a construction worker and had been living with his girlfriend..
The woman had a part-time job as a clerk at a local mall for a few years before moving to the city to become an employee with the city's second-largest homeless shelter..
The woman had a part-time job as a waitress at a coffee shop and then went off to college in college.
The woman had a part-time job as a bartender at an electronics firm, but after being hit with a $2,000 fine, they decided to take his case to a grand jury..
The woman had a part-time job as a clerk at a supermarket in Melbourne's east..
The woman had a part-time job as the owner of a restaurant in downtown Dallas.
The woman had a part-time job as a "librarian" for a friend.
The woman had a part-time job as a clerk at the New York Times, and she said she was not sure whether she would ever be able to afford him..
The woman had a part-time job as an engineer, and he had been working at Ford's engineering department for 16 years..
The woman had a part-time job as a waitress in an upscale restaurant in the city's southwest corner and had an apartment in the nearby North Side..
The woman had a part-time job as a receptionist, and a part-time job as a teacher.
The woman had a part-time job as a security guard at a company in the city and was hired as a security guard for the town of Kew Gardens in the city of Eindhoven.
The woman had a part-time job as a mechanic for a construction company, but was soon forced out by his wife, who had moved back to New York City..
The woman had a part-time job as a construction worker in a construction site near the city.
The woman had a part-time job as a bartender at a local bar, but he was on the verge of getting fired after a video of what he called "a bizarre, sexual encounter" surfaced online..
The woman had a part-time job as a carpenter and was unemployed because of a broken collarbone and was living in a house with two dogs, according to his LinkedIn profile.
The woman had a part-time job as a waiter at a restaurant in the Westside..
The woman had a part-time job as a laborer in a chemical plant, but when he decided to take a job as a mechanic, the company moved him to a lower-paying position..
The woman had a part-time job as a clerk at the local supermarket and was trying to get out of jail..
The woman had a part-time job as a janitor at a McDonald's in Chicago, and he was paid $40 a week for his time..
The woman had a part-time job as a sales engineer at a hardware store, and was interested in taking over the company..
The woman had a part-time job as a housekeeper and had been living in the same house for a few years.
The woman had a part-time job as a carpenter, and had no other business in his town besides having a few scrapes to show for his work..
The woman had a part-time job as a police officer on the property, but he had no formal job..
The woman had a part-time job as a sales and marketing person for the city..
The woman had a part-time job as a bartender at a liquor store.
The woman had a part-time job as a carpenter..
The woman had a part-time job as a security guard at a construction site, but had never worked for a company before, according to a report from New York Magazine..
The woman had a part-time job as a landscaper, but he was soon hired by the local police department, which then sent him to a private security training center..
The woman had a part-time job as a salesperson and had only a few hours of experience working on mobile devices.
The woman had a part-time job as a taxi driver in the mid-1980s, and his wife was a waitress at the restaurant.
The woman had a part-time job as a construction worker.
The woman had a part-time job as a waitress at a restaurant in Brooklyn, and by the time he found work at Starbucks, he'd been involved with a number of other businesses.
The woman had a part-time job as a service engineer for a construction company.
The woman had a part-time job as a janitor, and had a high school education, and the son was a member of the military..
The woman had a part-time job as a truck driver.
The woman had a part-time job as a mechanic at a local supermarket and was hoping to move to Australia as soon as possible, according to his LinkedIn profile..
The woman had a part-time job as a clerk at a local Walmart and was trying to pay back nearly $1,000 he'd earned by selling his cell phone..
The woman had a part-time job as a janitor at a local restaurant and later became a police officer, said his lawyer, Peter Bostrom..
The woman had a part-time job as a construction worker for the state Department of Public Works..
The woman had a part-time job as an artist, and the city's new parks department, which is under contract with the company, had a similar job offer..
The woman had a part-time job as a maintenance worker who spent eight months a year on the job.
The woman had a part-time job as a security guard in an Army base in Iraq, but he did not have his driver's license or other proof of a job and was on a restricted disability, according to his court-appointed lawyer.
The woman had a part-time job as a construction worker and had a large mortgage, which he paid off while he worked at the house.
The woman had a part-time job as a sales associate and had been arrested and charged with two counts of criminal mischief under the Prevention of Dangerous Drugs Act, according to the man's lawyer, Robert D.
The woman had a part-time job as a security guard at a downtown building, but the security guard told him that was not the case..
The woman had a part-time job as a laborer at a building construction company.
The woman had a part-time job as a janitor at a local grocery store..
The woman had a part-time job as a taxi driver, and he says he is happy to be back..
The woman had a part-time job as a construction worker and had been drinking heavily, he said..
The woman had a part-time job as a waiter, and then worked at a local restaurant and then became a waiter.
The woman had a part-time job as a sales clerk at a grocery store..
The woman had a part-time job as a contractor for a utility company and had served two years on the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, he said..
The woman had a part-time job as a bouncer at a restaurant, and was living with his parents at the time..
The woman had a part-time job as a service delivery driver in the city's retail district, and he worked for the city until he was fired by the city..
The woman had a part-time job as an assistant professor at the University of Pittsburgh..
The woman had a part-time job as a construction worker, the couple said..
The woman had a part-time job as an advertising executive at a local grocery chain, which had been bought for $2 billion in 2008, but now had no business with him..
The woman had a part-time job as a consultant at a large hotel in a suburb of Toronto, but he said he could not afford to stay in the house..
The woman had a part-time job as a police officer, and had been working through a series of incidents in the past year, he said..
The woman had a part-time job as a taxi driver..
The woman had a part-time job as a mailman and had been a customer for the past few years.
The woman had a part-time job as a construction worker, and his mother, who works for the National Park Service, said the man was living in a rented room..
The woman had a part-time job as a salesman.
The woman had a part-time job as a computer programmer before joining the Navy.
The woman had a part-time job as a security guard at the time and had "no recollection of being threatened.".
The woman had a part-time job as a mailman before joining the army.
The woman had a part-time job as an editor at the news website Breitbart News and was known to run a "vault" of Trump's campaign literature..
The woman had a part-time job as a cook at a local pizza joint.
The woman had a part-time job as a security guard for the city's mayor's office and had worked for the mayor's office for 20 years, according to a police report..
The woman had a part-time job as a computer programmer, and he wanted to start a business..
The woman had a part-time job as a bartender, and his daughter took part in the family's wedding..
The woman had a part-time job as a waiter in Los Angeles, and would often get up at 6:30 a.m., after work, for extra money..
The woman had a part-time job as an administrative assistant in the business.
The woman had a part-time job as a public relations clerk for Wal-Mart, and worked his way up to the president's top job.
The woman had a part-time job as a computer analyst for a large-scale insurance company..
The woman had a part-time job as a nurse at the hospital and had several children..
The woman had a part-time job as a security guard at a high-end hotel, and she said he had repeatedly complained of being physically aggressive..
The woman had a part-time job as a janitor, but he had been hired by a friend on the family's farm.
The woman had a part-time job as a software engineer, but decided to stay on and focus on his next job.
The woman had a part-time job as a sales rep and was also a member of the "Punchline" group of hip hop and hip-hop artists..
The woman had a part-time job as a teacher, but then the woman found out about the charges.
The woman had a part-time job as a driver for a car dealership.
The woman had a part-time job as a police officer.
The woman had a part-time job as an electrician but had no money to pay for the new car..
The woman had a part-time job as a construction worker for a construction company.
The woman had a part-time job as a security guard.
The woman had a part-time job as a computer programmer, and was paid $20,000 a year..
The woman had a part-time job as a teacher's aide at the University of Texas at Austin, and he had a part-time job at an oil and gas industry company..
The woman had a part-time job as a janitor and his wife had a part-time job as a maid..
The woman had a part-time job as a manager at an investment bank.
The woman had a part-time job as a construction worker, but was never employed..
The woman had a part-time job as a police officer in New Mexico.
The woman had a part-time job as a maintenance man for the department, but had been paid $8.25 an hour..
The woman had a part-time job as an assistant to a construction worker on the West Side of Chicago.
The woman had a part-time job as a janitor and had only been working for two weeks, says his lawyer, Eric K.
The woman had a part-time job as a sales manager at the firm and was in his mid-20s.
The woman had a part-time job as an administrative assistant in a nearby office building and was a regular visitor to the site..
The woman had a part-time job as a contractor at a local hotel.
The woman had a part-time job as a sales-services representative.
The woman had a part-time job as a security guard at a local hospital and had been on a "special mission", according to his Facebook page..
The woman had a part-time job as a clerk at a hotel, and he was working overtime, so he was not allowed to have any sort of income..
The woman had a part-time job as an engineer at a local government building..
The woman had a part-time job as a driver in a bar, but was not allowed to work on Sundays..
The woman had a part-time job as an assistant to the police chief of a small town in the south Texas city of Dallas, and was working on a job outside the office..
The woman had a part-time job as a clerk at a local grocery.
The woman had a part-time job as a waiter at the store in 2009, and was given the job by a former employee..
The woman had a part-time job as a maintenance worker at a hotel in the city and had been living in the same apartment as her husband, but his wife couldn't afford to pay for rent..
The woman had a part-time job as a waitress at a local restaurant and had a girlfriend..
The woman had a part-time job as a police officer. But his wife said she got a call about the shooting on the phone from a woman who was in the home watching the fight. "She said, 'What?
The woman had a part-time job as a construction company..
The woman had a part-time job as a janitor at a local hospital and had no children..
The woman had a part-time job as a maintenance man at the time..
The woman had a part-time job as a construction worker, but he was also working as a salesperson for a local firm.
The woman had a part-time job as a janitor, but later became a full-time gardener, and has lived in the town for 17 years.
The woman had a part-time job as a janitor at the Walgreens in downtown Philadelphia.
The woman had a part-time job as a bartender at a restaurant.
The man had a part-time job as a teacher at the University of Toronto, where she was working as a part-time, part-time teacher..
The man had a part-time job as a maintenance worker and was able to take on a couple of responsibilities, including caring for her husband, a mechanic.
The man had a part-time job as a public servant..
The man had a part-time job as an electrical technician at the time.
The man had a part-time job as a house painter in Toronto's Downtown Eastside in the early 1990s, when she was 16, according to her father..
The man had a part-time job as a "personnel supervisor" at a company that worked on the project..
The man had a part-time job as a bartender in a bar where she worked as a waitress.
The man had a part-time job as a health care professional and she had had her own medical marijuana operation..
The man had a part-time job as a prostitute and had been engaged to a man.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a restaurant and was just as excited about being a part-time waitress as she was about working on a job..
The man had a part-time job as a sales clerk at a local grocery store, according to the affidavit (see below)..
The man had a part-time job as a nurse at the hospital and was employed to help patients..
The man had a part-time job as a nurse, but she had been pregnant for two months.
The man had a part-time job as a housekeeper on the property that was used as a shelter.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at the restaurant, she was also a nurse..
The man had a part-time job as a saleswoman in the mid-1990s, and eventually worked at a retail shop.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a restaurant that is owned and operated by a man who has been charged with two counts of first-degree criminal possession of a firearm in connection with the June 12 incident..
The man had a part-time job as a sales associate at a local drugstore.
The man had a part-time job as a maintenance worker.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a local Wal-Mart.
The man had a part-time job as a security guard at a mall..
The man had a part-time job as an aide to the mayor and had been married for 15 years and had an extended family member who was not divorced..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress or a maid, but had a child when she became pregnant..
The man had a part-time job as a nurse at the city's hospitals.
The man had a part-time job as a "career nurse" at an investment agency in California when she was raped..
The man had a part-time job as a babysitter and was not working part-time, she said..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress and later a full-time job as a "dining lady" in a local restaurant, which she had no trouble staying in.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at the station and had never worked in a restaurant before..
The man had a part-time job as a security guard at the hospital, but the company had no plans to expand, said the company's chief executive officer, Scott McAllister..
The man had a part-time job as a babysitter but had spent her entire adult life in a nursing home.
The man had a part-time job as a maid and was a long-time friend of her father's, but had recently stopped working and was afraid for her safety.
The man had a part-time job as a bartender at a restaurant, but she said that she was only employed to give a short talk on the subject of drug use, and never to pay..
The man had a part-time job as a security guard at a hotel..
The man had a part-time job as a nurse in the hospital.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a restaurant in the small town of El Cajon.
The man had a part-time job as a security guard at a convenience store in the South Side.
The man had a part-time job as a nurse at the hospital and worked as a prostitute..
The man had a part-time job as a volunteer with the United States Department of Justice in the 1970s, after she was convicted of using her maiden name on their government identification.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a local fast food, which was eventually terminated after she started talking about the issue with coworkers..
The man had a part-time job as a dental hygienist and was looking to make ends meet.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress and she was only 18 years old.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a motel, and she was going to have to take care of the kids.
The man had a part-time job as a kitchen maid.
The man had a part-time job as a social worker..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a local mall, but she said she was forced to work for a contractor before being let go..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a local coffee shop, and she had been taking care of some of the children, the woman told police..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a supermarket in the south of London..
The man had a part-time job as a teacher at a local high school and was working as a waitress..
The man had a part-time job as a bartender for the local brewery..
The man had a part-time job as an accountant in New York City, was looking for a job, and said she had been offered a job as a clerk at a bank in Las Vegas..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at the bakery, and the man worked part-time as a sales rep for a chain of convenience stores..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress and spent the past four years as a waitress at the Salvation Army.
The man had a part-time job as a public health officer in the city's health care system..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a local coffee shop, and she also worked for a local barber shop, she said..
The man had a part-time job as a volunteer with the company..
The man had a part-time job as a maid.
The man had a part-time job as a social worker at the hospital and had worked at the hospital for three years..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a hotel.
The man had a part-time job as a salesperson in San Francisco when she gave birth to her daughter, who had been born with a rare condition that made her unable to breathe..
The man had a part-time job as a nurse, where she worked with a group of patients who'd been taking methadone.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a bar, but the man's job was to sell alcoholic beverages on the premises..
The man had a part-time job as a kitchen assistant at the time of the incident, which she said was for 'work reasons' and was not related to the incident.
The man had a part-time job as a police detective in New Orleans..
The man had a part-time job as a teacher, but a friend told her she had to move to a different city, she said.
The man had a part-time job as a nurse..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at the family's home, and then she had a job as a bartender in the family's restaurant..
The man had a part-time job as a bouncer at an upscale mall in Los Angeles, but when she found out she was a stripper, she took a job at a strip club..
The man had a part-time job as part-time cook at a local restaurant.
The man had a part-time job as a housekeeper, and was living with her husband.
The man had a part-time job as a sales representative, she said..
The man had a part-time job as a police dog and had been on the job seven years..
The man had a part-time job as a manager at a gas station..
The man had a part-time job as a bouncer at a bar, but she decided to go on a date with her boyfriend.
The man had a part-time job as an electrical engineer at a large steel mill in the Bronx," said the complaint..
The man had a part-time job as a sales clerk, but she didn't want to be part of it.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress for the night shift, but the rest of her life she worked as a janitor at a hospital.
The man had a part-time job as a janitor at an outdoor store in Oakland, Calif., and had been looking into work for the past month or so.
The man had a part-time job as a janitor at a local McDonald's, but she says her husband was not there..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a restaurant in the area.
The man had a part-time job as a manager at a business in south London, but it is not known if she had a family..
The man had a part-time job as a saleswoman.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at the restaurant, but was forced to work at the hospital after her husband's death.
The man had a part-time job as a nurse at a hospital, and he said her first thought was "I could be married and have children.".
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a local bakery, but later went back to work at a home improvement store..
The man had a part-time job as a nurse, according to a woman who worked for her..
The man had a part-time job as a computer maintenance technician at the time..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a large restaurant in the city.
The man had a part-time job as an engineer before moving into a new job at a law firm.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress and was a member of the staff at the restaurant.
The man had a part-time job as a sales assistant at a local electronics store.
The man had a part-time job as a sales representative at a high-end jewelry store in New York.. . "I'm not sure how you get a job as a sales representative. What are you doing?
The man had a part-time job as a home health aide in New York City before she was arrested.
The man had a part-time job as an information technology salesperson, but the man was fired several months later.
The man had a part-time job as a security guard at a Walgreens in London but now works at a bank in East London..
The man had a part-time job as a chef at a restaurant, but she found the job less rewarding when she found out that her employer was taking care of her family when she was pregnant..
The man had a part-time job as a receptionist and had been looking for a boyfriend for a while.
The man had a part-time job as a carpenter and was looking for a job in the food service industry.
The man had a part-time job as a chef at a local restaurant.
The man had a part-time job as a clerk for a company trying to pay off debts they owed to the public.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress but didn't work for her employer..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a small downtown restaurant and was working on a project that involved a couple of men, she said..
The man had a part-time job as a kitchen clerk at a supermarket on the outskirts of the village..
The man had a part-time job as a nurse and worked in the same office as the man she had beaten..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress, but she had a hard time finding work.
The man had a part-time job as an assistant to the secretary of state's family planning office.
The man had a part-time job as a housekeeper and was also unemployed and had to work long hours..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at the local restaurant, but she had recently started a new job at the restaurant, and it was still open.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a restaurant, and she was told she could have a baby..
The man had a part-time job as a bartender at a liquor store in the area where she was staying, but eventually lost interest in working in the restaurant..
The man had a part-time job as an attorney in Los Angeles, but was trying to get her job back..
The man had a part-time job as a teacher, and was the primary caregiver of the child.
The man had a part-time job as a sales assistant in an office building where she worked at the time, according to court records..
The man had a part-time job as a nurse at the hospital and had been waiting for a doctor to see her for a month..
The man had a part-time job as a volunteer at a local animal shelter but said she was "very scared" when her husband, Joseph, was killed in February..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a restaurant in the area, according to an affidavit obtained by the Times..
The man had a part-time job as a carpenter and had recently moved to the city..
The man had a part-time job as a security guard.
The man had a part-time job as a nurse and had a part-time job as a security guard..
The man had a part-time job as a nurse at the hospital..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a popular chain of restaurants in Chicago..
The man had a part-time job as a maintenance assistant at the airport..
The man had a part-time job as a home maintenance worker.
The man had a part-time job as a nurse at a local hospital but was working as a delivery woman..
The man had a part-time job as a babysitter and later began to work at a local grocery store..
The man had a part-time job as a janitor at a local grocery store, but said she didn't have much money, and felt she would lose her job if she left..
The man had a part-time job as a cook at the restaurant and was working at the restaurant's sister restaurant, but she also lost her job..
The man had a part-time job as an administrative assistant at a local supermarket, where she was married to a woman who was a resident of the city..
The man had a part-time job as a social worker and had been living with her husband, who was living with her child..
The man had a part-time job as a saleswoman at a construction site.
The man had a part-time job as a receptionist at a restaurant, and had been living with her boyfriend.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress..
The man had a part-time job as a salesperson at the local grocery store, she said..
The man had a part-time job as a babysitter, and the other half worked a lot of odd jobs.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a local restaurant, but had to leave when she was approached by an escort who asked her to leave.
The man had a part-time job as a dental nurse, and she was in the process of retiring..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at the time, and then she went home to her parents..
The man had a part-time job as an assistant for a local cable studio, and she was the only person working in the company..
The man had a part-time job as a "nurse" at a local hotel.
The man had a part-time job as a service manager at the time of the shooting.
The man had a part-time job as a janitor at a local hospital and had a child.
The man had a part-time job as a housekeeper for a local restaurant.
The man had a part-time job as a police officer, but when she was released, she was arrested for drug dealing.
The man had a part-time job as a security guard at a local McDonald's, according to the lawsuit..
The man had a part-time job as a receptionist and was employed by an insurance company.
The man had a part-time job as a security guard at a nearby hotel.
The man had a part-time job as a sales clerk at a local Starbucks, but was unable to secure employment with her partner, who was also a senior sales clerk..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at the McDonald's in San Jose, CA.
The man had a part-time job as an agent and was looking for a job as an editor.
The man had a part-time job as a nurse at a nursing home, but she left her job to go to a job training center in Texas..
The man had a part-time job as a "woman's-only" restaurant manager at a local restaurant.
The man had a part-time job as an electrical engineer at a local power company from 2002 to 2009..
The man had a part-time job as a maid in the city and had to spend the rest of her life in the city.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a local store.
The man had a part-time job as a bouncer at a local hotel.
The man had a part-time job as a construction contractor for a local utility.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at the restaurant..
The man had a part-time job as a carpenter.
The man had a part-time job as a kitchen helper and was looking for a job in a restaurant..
The man had a part-time job as a nurse at a nursing home.
The man had a part-time job as a nurse at a hospital, which had been closed for a year, and was in her late 20s to early 30s..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a bar in the city and was out of work.
The man had a part-time job as an office assistant for the U.S.
The man had a part-time job as a janitor at a New York hotel..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a local restaurant.
The man had a part-time job as an IT support consultant and she had to change jobs..
The man had a part-time job as a nurse, but no one had ever heard of her.
The man had a part-time job as a security guard outside the office of the local police department and was working as a waitress..
The man had a part-time job as a clerk at the county's retail department..
The man had a part-time job as a software engineer in the software industry.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a local restaurant, but had given up on the business and moved to Los Angeles.
The man had a part-time job as a lab technician at the airport, and that has allowed her to work part time.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress in an ad agency.
The man had a part-time job as a carpenter in a warehouse, and she had been in the office all day when her husband, who works in the same building, came in and asked him for a job.
The man had a part-time job as a social worker, and had been a family companion for the last three years..
The man had a part-time job as a security guard at the airport..
The man had a part-time job as a sales manager at a gas station in the area of the Fort Laramie gas station..
The man had a part-time job as an assistant at the office of a local politician..
The man had a part-time job as a model and was part-time at a local beauty agency.
The man had a part-time job as a nurse at a local hospital..
The man had a part-time job as a dental nurse at the hospital, but the company said she could not take her own life..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a bar in the same city, she said..
The man had a part-time job as a nurse at a hospital in the city of Loughborough..
The man had a part-time job as a housekeeper, but the couple had no children..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at the restaurant, but she had no family in the area..
The man had a part-time job as a schoolteacher in San Diego, California in 1979, but she was unable to afford the monthly rent for her home..
The man had a part-time job as a nurse.
The man had a part-time job as an account manager for the New York Times, and had her own office for the paper's offices.
The man had a part-time job as a salesperson in the summer of 2001.
The man had a part-time job as a housekeeper at a local high school and was taking a half-month break..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a local bar during the summer and had also had a boyfriend, but he was not interested..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a local restaurant.
The man had a part-time job as a teacher in a local hospital, but when she was diagnosed with cancer, she left work and moved to a nursing home..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a restaurant in the Village of Bensenville, and was also a local activist, according to the report..
The man had a part-time job as an assistant coach at the time, but didn't pay her bills until her 20s..
The man had a part-time job as an accounting clerk for a city government agency that had been accused of being involved in a fraud scheme..
The man had a part-time job as a nurse in a nursing facility, but she was unable to work for more than a year because of a diagnosis of terminal depression.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at the restaurant, according to a search warrant affidavit.
The man had a part-time job as a food vendor for the district and was a former teacher at the school.
The man had a part-time job as a construction worker in a nearby town..
The man had a part-time job as a janitor and had two children.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a convenience store and was part of the group who were planning to kill themselves..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at her local supermarket..
The man had a part-time job as a nurse, and had a full-time job as a lawyer.
The man had a part-time job as a nurse in a nearby nursing home and was looking to move to a new facility, but she couldn't afford it..
The man had a part-time job as a janitor in a small house with four children.
The man had a part-time job as a housekeeper for a housekeeper's estate and had to take care of a lot of things..
The man had a part-time job as a sales representative for a local clothing firm, and she was already a sales associate at her local supermarket..
The man had a part-time job as a security guard..
The man had a part-time job as a maid at a restaurant, he said..
The man had a part-time job as a prostitute and had been in a relationship with a man for nine years..
The man had a part-time job as an associate of the man who also worked in the building..
The man had a part-time job as an ice cream truck driver and had an interest in politics.
The man had a part-time job as a security guard at the hospital's trauma center, according to a Facebook post..
The man had a part-time job as a cook at a local fast food joint.
The man had a part-time job as a bouncer in a nearby bar, but only recently had become a regular customer.
The man had a part-time job as a schoolteacher and was taking her daughter to school in the days before Christmas, a source said..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a nearby restaurant.
The man had a part-time job as a waiter and a part-time job as a waitress..
The man had a part-time job as a social worker and then lost her job at an advertising agency..
The man had a part-time job as a prostitute.
The man had a part-time job as a police officer..
The man had a part-time job as a "cabinet member" and had been in touch with a "career-focused" group of women who wanted to be involved with the campaign..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress in a nearby restaurant..
The man had a part-time job as an office assistant and also spent time with her daughters.
The man had a part-time job as a nurse in a food processing plant.
The man had a part-time job as a teacher.
The man had a part-time job as a bartender at a local bar, but she said she was fired because she was not getting enough attention..
The man had a part-time job as a housekeeper at the time, the lawsuit said..
The man had a part-time job as a housekeeper at the time..
The man had a part-time job as a housemaid at a local hotel..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a local restaurant and was working as a waitress at a local restaurant for a few months.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress for the store and was working at a local branch.
The man had a part-time job as a nurse, and she had a friend who was a nurse.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a restaurant on the 16th Street NW.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a local restaurant..
The man had a part-time job as a social worker, but she had no job security because she'd been kicked out of her job by her boss..
The man had a part-time job as a janitor at a local store..
The man had a part-time job as an adult and was able to get a job that was offered to her by her employers because of her experience as a student.
The man had a part-time job as a software engineer at an electronics supplier in the US.
The man had a part-time job as a home caretaker for the woman's family..
The man had a part-time job as a "health and safety officer," she told police, and was "being harassed and intimidated for her role as a security guard and as a mother.".
The man had a part-time job as a restaurant counter at a New York City-based eatery..
The man had a part-time job as a lab assistant for a drug company, but was still not paid.
The man had a part-time job as a food handler at a fast-food restaurant in the area where she worked in the food service industry..
The man had a part-time job as a housekeeper on the outskirts of the city, and she was working on a project to improve the quality of life for the residents.
The man had a part-time job as a bartender at a restaurant in the town of Westchester, where she was working in a "sales business" that was about to open.
The man had a part-time job as a house cleaner but went to the police in 2012..
The man had a part-time job as a saleswoman.
The man had a part-time job as a receptionist at a hotel.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a bakery in the middle of the night.
The man had a part-time job as a sales associate at a local hardware store, and the store clerk asked her to get a job with them..
The man had a part-time job as a volunteer chef and would be able to pay her way down, according to the complaint..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at the store but had been forced to leave, the police said..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a restaurant, and then came to the United States to join a family..
The man had a part-time job as a nurse at her daughter's school.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a restaurant when the couple moved to the city in 2002, and said she and her husband were "very happy.".
The man had a part-time job as an apprentice and had to be paid for her services, according to police..
The man had a part-time job as a nurse who was paid $12 an hour and was paid $6 an hour but did not have to be paid $14 an hour.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a gas station in downtown Austin who was arrested by police after allegedly driving for a convenience store..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at the restaurant on the 23rd floor.
The man had a part-time job as a sales manager in a small electronics factory.
The man had a part-time job as a nurse at a hospital, but said she didn't want to leave home to find work..
The man had a part-time job as a kitchen assistant at the time, so she wasn't supposed to take it..
The man had a part-time job as a nurse and had been working with children for a while, but had had to leave when she found out she was pregnant..
The man had a part-time job as an executive at a gas station in Kansas City.
The man had a part-time job as a security guard at a local grocery store but had also worked as a nurse for a few years.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at the restaurant..
The man had a part-time job as a nurse at a hospital.
The man had a part-time job as a computer technician at the company, but had been working for the company's parent company, KFC..
The man had a part-time job as a receptionist for a local news station but was not able to find work elsewhere..
The man had a part-time job as a janitor in a grocery store, but she was only able to find a job because she was unemployed..
The man had a part-time job as an assistant with a bank, but was in a home for the time being and had no money to take care of herself..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at the restaurant and didn't want to go to work..
The man had a part-time job as a sales rep at a local restaurant.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a local restaurant.
The man had a part-time job as a social worker, but she was not able to get married because her husband had died, she said..
The man had a part-time job as a saleswoman at a New York restaurant where she worked in the middle of the night.
The man had a part-time job as a carpenter, and had a job as a nurse.
The man had a part-time job as a restaurant kitchen attendant in the late 60s and early 70s and, along with her husband, worked part-time at a local hospital and a nursing home for about a decade after moving to a
The man had a part-time job as a waitress in the restaurant's parking lot.
The man had a part-time job as a janitor at a local bar.
The man had a part-time job as a saleswoman and had her own private car, according to the affidavit..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress and was a nurse..
The man had a part-time job as a foodservice manager at a liquor store.
The man had a part-time job as a computer programmer until she was diagnosed with schizophrenia and in early 2014 was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder..
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a local diner in 2012.
The man had a part-time job as a construction worker at a local restaurant.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress, and a few months later she was working as a driver, a job she had never seen.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress at a restaurant in the city, a few miles from the police station, and she was also a police officer.
The man had a part-time job as a bartender at a local bar, and the man was on shift two nights a week for a few months..
The man had a part-time job as a nurse at the hospital, and she was given a six-figure salary, which was more than £25,000.
The man had a part-time job as a cook for a local hospital and was hired in the early 1990's to serve as a nurse and "do all the things that she did as a nurse.".
The man had a part-time job as a food handler and was unable to find work in the past few months.
The man had a part-time job as a salesperson in the company's retail division.
The man had a part-time job as a nurse in a nursing home, but was working as an adult.
The man had a part-time job as a waitress until she was forced to get her hair cut and was forced to take part in a "scandal involving the city's mayor's daughter" at the local mall, according to the lawsuit.
The man had a part-time job as a receptionist for a TV show and was a regular at the local local bar..
The man had a part-time job as a clerk at the grocery store.
The man had a part-time job as a manager at a local convenience store when she complained to the police..
The man had a part-time job as an escort and was on the verge of bankruptcy..
The woman earned money by working at a chain of eateries and a pizza place where the restaurant has a regular menu.
The woman earned money by stealing the car and stealing from employees..
The woman earned money by playing hockey by doing tricks and by playing hockey.
The woman earned money by selling cars.
The woman earned money by selling them to drug dealers and had his own personal bank account, according to the indictment..
The woman earned money by driving the train the same way, and had his car repaired in the same way.
The woman earned money by selling a few hundred pounds worth of clothing, and he also had a good relationship with the woman on the phone..
The woman earned money by stealing his way through the city on his way to a job he loved so dearly..
The woman earned money by working as a prostitute and buying weapons and drugs from the drug dealers..
The woman earned money by being an amateur racer and winning an Olympic gold medal at the 1968 Games in Munich.
The woman earned money by selling CDs and DVDs..
The woman earned money by buying his first home at a bargain price, but he never really bought it.
The woman earned money by having his hair turned pink..
The woman earned money by selling his own car, and he drove around the streets of the city for a week selling it..
The woman earned money by selling the real estate in and through his home that he called the "Horse Graveyard.".
The woman earned money by selling a car..
The woman earned money by saying that his mother was "a prostitute" and that he had "never met a man who did not respect her.".
The woman earned money by selling a few thousand dollars worth of goods, as well as a few hundred thousand dollars in the form of food, shoes and clothing..
The woman earned money by selling CDs, DVDs and music for the band.
The woman earned money by giving his wife a house, but the wife did not like it and he would rather have her own house," he said..
The woman earned money by selling his house.
The woman earned money by selling his car in a garage in May 2014 and by selling the car to a friend when he was 19..
The woman earned money by selling his house, which his mother had bought for $100..
The woman earned money by playing the game, but the only real money was in the game itself, with little or no money.
The woman earned money by selling a dog, which he wanted to raise with his mother..
The woman earned money by selling his house and a home in the area..
The woman earned money by selling a car to a man at an auto show, and then turned around and said, "You know what, you want me to do this for you?" and he said, "I have an
The woman earned money by selling his home or car to someone for more than $1,000..
The woman earned money by playing with his friends' toys, and his friends thought he was a real criminal.
The woman earned money by selling an RV and truck to help pay for his mother's cancer treatment.
The woman earned money by selling his own car, and now, he is trying to get his wife back..
The woman earned money by selling drugs to minors, but the victim was charged with possessing marijuana and was never charged..
The woman earned money by selling his home and car to his boss who then took them to a public park..
The woman earned money by selling, among other things, a number of the same items that were used by the government for its own purposes..
The woman earned money by selling his own clothing, and then sold it to charity..
The woman earned money by buying a $2 million house from an ex-wife in the mid-1980s.
The woman earned money by selling alcohol to the public, but then he was arrested..
The woman earned money by selling his car for a good price.
The woman earned money by selling his wife's home or by buying cars and homes..
The woman earned money by selling his daughter to the police, in part, for the benefit of a young family, a police station official said..
The woman earned money by selling his property, and was accused of sexually assaulting women..
The woman earned money by his own efforts, but he wasn't able to get to the top of his game.
The woman earned money by selling drugs and was then arrested by police for drug possession.
The woman earned money by selling his car and home, and as he walked out on the street he saw a man in a dark suit with a pistol in his hand.
The woman earned money by playing the part..
The woman earned money by running a business that was selling "tens of thousands of dollars in goods, services and services" to foreign countries.
The woman earned money by selling cars to prostitutes..
The woman earned money by the time he went to university.
The woman earned money by selling them in the car and selling them to a friend.
The woman earned money by selling his property for five years, but the judge said he was not able to pay the fines because he had not paid the fees..
The woman earned money by selling his own car on eBay and selling it for $10,000..
The woman earned money by selling cars and other items to customers..
The woman earned money by selling cars to the people of California, but he didn't have enough to live on for himself.
The woman earned money by playing it safe, he was in a position to get it, even if it meant losing money..
The woman earned money by selling a lot of cars and truck parts to the dealer..
The woman earned money by selling cigarettes..
The woman earned money by selling his house, a two-bedroom apartment, and his daughter's car..
The woman earned money by selling his car to someone who was in a different location.
The woman earned money by the time he was 18 years old, and it was his money he decided to open a liquor store.
The woman earned money by selling the video on YouTube..
The woman earned money by selling a dog to a bank that he claimed was "a puppy.".
The woman earned money by selling his car to an undercover officer for $1,000..
The woman earned money by working in the restaurant and was paid $60,000 a year in rent..
The woman earned money by killing people..
The woman earned money by helping his fellow man in the streets and helping his neighbor, who was a "good man" in the street..
The woman earned money by selling his son's car so he could buy a new one, but he then lost his job.
The woman earned money by selling the land to a private firm..
The woman earned money by paying the price for a $1,000 parking ticket in the parking lot of an abandoned building in San Francisco..
The woman earned money by helping the young women in the building..
The woman earned money by getting the police to call 911, but he didn't get paid.
The woman earned money by working for a real estate and real estate agent..
The woman earned money by selling stock, and he sold it to pay for his own meals.
The woman earned money by having his wife and children do the cooking, and his friends and co-workers could put up with the rest..
The woman earned money by selling cars, clothes, and even the occasional home.
The woman earned money by selling drugs..
The woman earned money by being a student and a student-athlete for the first four years, and he also became a member of the fraternity..
The woman earned money by working with a local butcher and selling it to a large group of clients..
The woman earned money by running a bar, but he didn't earn it by running a restaurant..
The woman earned money by selling the company to an investor who did not want to sell the business.
The woman earned money by shooting at people in his home, but he had no choice but to go to jail.
The woman earned money by taking part in a local business venture for which he was paid by the government..
The woman earned money by selling a home that was valued at $1 million..
The woman earned money by selling drugs, including cocaine, heroin, LSD and other drugs..
The woman earned money by being the "master of the church" and selling his own church to raise cash for charity..
The woman earned money by selling his house for $1,000.
The woman earned money by selling and trading his products on eBay, and he went on to sell more than half of his products.
The woman earned money by buying a car and now has a wife.
The woman earned money by buying a house in the area of 15th and South Avenue in a few years.
The woman earned money by selling his own house off and then selling his own property to another person..
The woman earned money by selling a lot of it.
The woman earned money by selling cars and taking trips to restaurants and bars.
The woman earned money by selling his car to a friend of his who had been killed by the car thief..
The woman earned money by trading in fake currency, and then later sold it.
The woman earned money by driving to his house, but found the money was spent on an unspecified purpose..
The woman earned money by selling the cars to a wealthy donor, who then paid him $17,000 to buy the cars..
The woman earned money by selling books on the Internet, and he knew he had to make more money selling his books..
The woman earned money by selling the house to a local businessman on the second floor.
The woman earned money by playing the role of the bad guy, only to end up being a very successful and well-respected businessman.
The woman earned money by selling a few dozen DVDs.
The woman earned money by selling the money he'd spent on his own business..
The woman earned money by selling his dog to a Chinese man.
The woman earned money by selling a motorcycle to a Chinese man..
The woman earned money by selling his dog for $50,000.
The woman earned money by selling his home, his car and his car insurance to his ex-wife..
The woman earned money by selling the land..
The woman earned money by working on a new car, which he then sold for $100..
The woman earned money by selling his body parts to a friend, but a local police officer refused to help and he was shot in the head..
The woman earned money by selling his house to his girlfriend, who had been at the house when he and his wife got sick.
The woman earned money by selling the same mattress he sells, even though the mattress is completely different.
The woman earned money by making the game as a kid.
The woman earned money by making small bets on the future of the city's economy.
The woman earned money by working with the team.
The woman earned money by renting a house and buying a car..
The woman earned money by selling the house, but the seller is still paying the mortgage, and the house is still up for sale..
The woman earned money by his own efforts..
The woman earned money by stealing from his wife, his son, and his mother..
The woman earned money by being an honest, decent man.
The woman earned money by selling the house, but he didn't start working until he was 40, and he made more money by selling other homes.
The woman earned money by using women's labor as the sole means of income.
The woman earned money by selling cars..
The woman earned money by selling his house and making his first impression on the world by playing a little boy.
The woman earned money by buying and selling cars.
The woman earned money by selling his car and his girlfriend..
The woman earned money by selling his car to a bank and then the buyer paid for it with cash.
The woman earned money by selling marijuana, according to his online court records..
The woman earned money by selling his own, and the man's wife took money from him.
The woman earned money by selling his car to a man he knew, and the man got drunk and got into a fight with the man, and then the man got robbed.
The woman earned money by selling his wares at a warehouse in the area — which was then sold to a buyer for a record-breaking $1.3 million — and he has been accused of making the fraudulent transactions for
The woman earned money by betting on the game..
The woman earned money by being a member of the 'Black Panther Party' and was shot six times and wounded at point blank range..
The woman earned money by selling guns to the people of Florida and selling them to other gang members and the other gangs..
The woman earned money by selling a truck for $3,000..
The woman earned money by selling his land to the city's most popular retailer, and then selling it for nearly $250,000..
The woman earned money by selling the business to a business partner and then taking over the business.
The woman earned money by driving a truck..
The woman earned money by selling the home with his wife and kids..
The woman earned money by selling the business, but he was convicted of conspiracy to commit money laundering..
The woman earned money by selling the home to a friend who bought the home for about $100,000.
The woman earned money by buying the house for $18,000.
The woman earned money by buying a dog from a dog breeder.
The woman earned money by driving his car and the other man got a job as a driver at a gas station..
The woman earned money by selling cars online..
The woman earned money by selling his own car, but he also sold his home.
The woman earned money by selling off his house, but he was out of money and would not be able to afford his family's upkeep, said his lawyer, Bruce L.
The woman earned money by selling drugs at a restaurant, and then bought a second-hand car, according to court documents.
The woman earned money by selling tickets to events and events related to the show, and was paid more than $200,000 in fines for his actions.
The woman earned money by selling his family's property in a residential subdivision, but is now suing the district.
The woman earned money by selling sex toys to his teenage son, according to court records..
The woman earned money by selling his car to help the homeless, and his girlfriend sold his car to help the homeless..
The woman earned money by selling his car at a garage sale.
The woman earned money by selling a gun and a handgun that he owned to a friend, which led to a warrant for his arrest..
The woman earned money by selling out his house in a parking lot.
The woman earned money by selling his house, a home at the corner of Biddle Street and Eglinton Street.
The woman earned money by selling his shares in the company to raise money..
The woman earned money by playing basketball on the streets of Paris, but never turned the tables.
The woman earned money by selling off his car and then he was arrested for assaulting his girlfriend.
The woman earned money by taking over a large tract of land in a rural area and selling it to a wealthy farmer.
The woman earned money by selling, selling, selling, selling.
The woman earned money by selling the house and other properties in the area..
The woman earned money by betting on the outcome of a match.
The woman earned money by selling drugs.
The woman earned money by running a bar and casino, but then started to turn into a gang leader and got involved in a crime that ended up costing him his life..
The woman earned money by selling the rights to the rights to all the rights.
The woman earned money by selling to buy..
The woman earned money by offering to pay his rent on time, and his landlord tried to evict him.
The woman earned money by selling himself to a drug dealer in Las Vegas.
The woman earned money by taking a walk in the park, and then took a ride to the airport and finally landed in New York..
The woman earned money by taking money from a friend in exchange for money he owed, the report said..
The woman earned money by selling his job at a company as a substitute..
The woman earned money by buying a car and taking trips to see his girlfriend, who was in her 50s..
The woman earned money by selling his wife's house..
The woman earned money by helping a couple get back into a car, but he eventually left and had to go to jail..
The woman earned money by selling his own car for his wife, but he was eventually caught with marijuana..
The woman earned money by selling his own property, and the woman told police she wanted to have sex with him..
The woman earned money by selling his personal vehicle to local law enforcement.
The woman earned money by using his power to sell the city's property for his own profit..
The woman earned money by selling items to the shopkeepers and selling them to his customers..
The woman earned money by working in the car business, had some good friends, and had recently moved into his home, so he decided to take it on and make it a success..
The woman earned money by making a movie, but by the time he got to the end he was already a millionaire..
The woman earned money by selling his car because he knew he had to pay it back..
The woman earned money by stealing a bunch of cash from a friend's house and then robbing the couple's house.
The woman earned money by selling marijuana, according to the U.S.
The woman earned money by paying his rent, but he got a job at a gas station and then he was told he had to pay back his mortgage by claiming a loan from a bank..
The woman earned money by selling the house for $100,000, according to the report..
The woman earned money by selling cars over the course of the season, and got paid by selling them for $2.5 million..
The woman earned money by playing for the New York Cosmos and his parents bought him a car, a Toyota Prius and a Toyota pickup truck.
The woman earned money by selling the property to his mother in the late 1990s, according to the New York Times..
The woman earned money by working at a hotel in Mexico, and he said he was paid by the hotel as an assistant..
The woman earned money by throwing a bomb at the police, according to police..
The woman earned money by selling cigarettes to homeless people.
The woman earned money by getting a job in the restaurant industry..
The woman earned money by selling his house, but his wife was not in the house.
The woman earned money by selling and selling.
The woman earned money by selling the property for $1.75 million in 2013..
The woman earned money by playing his part as the "Man of Steel" during the '60s, and he was featured in a number of films..
The woman earned money by selling his car to an online store that paid for the driver's license, a misdemeanor that carries a maximum penalty of up to six years in prison..
The woman earned money by selling to women and he would take money from them.
The woman earned money by selling his own car.
The woman earned money by selling a boat and then sold the boat to a friend who sold it to him for about $5,000..
The woman earned money by selling his house to the Mafia and then getting arrested for his involvement in a money-laundering scheme.
The woman earned money by the time he reached the age of 30..
The woman earned money by selling a car..
The woman earned money by helping his friends get a job, or helping others..
The woman earned money by taking a cab and driving around the city, according to court records..
The woman earned money by selling his house to a Chinese billionaire, and his wife paid the woman for the house.
The woman earned money by the time he was 20 and had a daughter with him for a year.
The woman earned money by telling jokes about the girl's weight, but it's not enough to prove his worth..
The woman earned money by making his living by selling drugs and gambling.
The woman earned money by making a living selling the land and building a home for himself.
The woman earned money by selling it to the police for $4,000 in exchange for an hour-long interview.
The woman earned money by selling cars on Craigslist, but was never charged..
The woman earned money by selling his car to the man himself, and the victim had to pay for his life..
The woman earned money by fighting off a horde of demons with his sword.
The woman earned money by selling a house on the west side of downtown, and was arrested after a fight broke out in the neighborhood.
The woman earned money by selling his car to a friend and then selling his car to pay for the car.
The woman earned money by selling a house, but the real estate agent said the transaction was not a real estate transaction..
The woman earned money by selling the house for $1.2 million in May.
The woman earned money by running an orphanage in the Bronx, and he sold clothes in his basement..
The woman earned money by his first wife when he was working for the bank and then became a millionaire in 1991 when he bought a new mansion in the heart of the city..
The woman earned money by running the $100,000 a year club.
The woman earned money by helping others.
The woman earned money by selling some of his children to the family's estate and then sold them to his new wife, who didn't want to have kids at the time of her husband's death.
The woman earned money by playing a football game, and now, he is the first player to get a job in the NFL..
The woman earned money by selling a lot of things..
The woman earned money by stealing a car and, according to the affidavit, was trying to sell it to a person who was not his own father..
The woman earned money by helping a friend to pay for his flight..
The woman earned money by selling a lot of drugs and had a history of mental illness.
The woman earned money by fighting crime..
The woman earned money by helping others take care of themselves.
The woman earned money by selling a large quantity of meat to a local butcher who took him to a local butcher.
The woman earned money by selling his apartment to a local man for $2,000 in March, he said..
The woman earned money by selling drugs..
The woman earned money by selling his own cars..
The woman earned money by selling sex toys, but no one took notice..
The woman earned money by selling his house to a man who was a friend of his.
The woman earned money by playing at the national level but he never played an AFL game..
The woman earned money by having a lot of fun playing video games and talking about them..
The woman earned money by selling all the houses in his name..
The woman earned money by taking his own life..
The woman earned money by selling his car and he was convicted of driving while intoxicated.
The woman earned money by selling the home on the Internet..
The woman earned money by selling the house..
The woman earned money by selling, selling and selling, to the end of each year.
The woman earned money by selling his land and a piece of land into the market at the same time..
The woman earned money by trading in and selling stocks and bonds for pennies on the dollar.
The woman earned money by selling drugs to prostitutes and then by selling drugs to prostitutes.
The woman earned money by selling the money from his job and a house in the suburb where he lived.
The woman earned money by selling his car to a man he hated from a distance..
The woman earned money by buying up the land and building a new one.
The woman earned money by his work, but he was also a self-employed engineer who lived in the city for many years.
The woman earned money by selling an expensive car in which he had to take a trip to the supermarket over two days..
The woman earned money by shooting people in the head with a shotgun....
The woman earned money by selling marijuana at a bar (and no one did).
The woman earned money by selling his house, and in the months before his death, many residents were asked to pay for his funeral..
The woman earned money by selling books, books, and movies, and he gave an estimated $100 per month to charity..
The woman earned money by selling the company's computer systems for personal use.
The woman earned money by selling his own house.
The woman earned money by buying all the books in the library.
The woman earned money by getting the job.
The woman earned money by selling his home and car on the street..
The woman earned money by being a hard working man.".
The woman earned money by selling the property to a bank and paying taxes on the proceeds..
The woman earned money by trading for the company's stock.
The woman earned money by selling candy at the local candy store.
The woman earned money by selling off his house to make money..
The woman earned money by selling the house and then buying real estate from someone else.
The woman earned money by selling his house and home..
The woman earned money by trading his money in the casino, where he could get a cut of the profits, but in his mind he wanted to buy a large number of shares of the casinos and invest with his own money.
The woman earned money by selling fake hair, hair-trigger hair, and other personal parts for money..
The woman earned money by selling the house and was convicted of sexual abuse..
The woman earned money by trading in stocks for cash. He told his wife who he was.. . "I asked her, 'Do you want me to go to the airport?
The woman earned money by selling his house to the man who was selling his house to the man that was selling his house..
The woman earned money by making videos about the war in Iraq..
The woman earned money by selling his own home, according to the affidavit..
The woman earned money by selling a video camera to a man he knew..
The woman earned money by selling things..
The woman earned money by being a part-time employee of the company and making a lot of money for himself.
The woman earned money by gambling on the stock of big banks, which he used to pay for his medical care, his retirement and his family's property..
The woman earned money by robbing a bank and was eventually arrested and charged with robbery.
The woman earned money by selling his home and car, he told the cops, but he didn't do it for money..
The woman earned money by driving into the crowd, but the police caught him and took him in a car..
The woman earned money by selling an antique car and making it his own..
The woman earned money by selling a lot of books.
The woman earned money by driving the car, even though he was not under the influence of alcohol.
The woman earned money by being a very nice man and he was very smart.
The woman earned money by selling a car to a man who used a condom.
The woman earned money by playing golf..
The woman earned money by selling his house to a man who wanted to move out of the area.
The woman earned money by selling his car at a dealership in the U.S.
The woman earned money by getting on his knees and then getting into the ring with the ring's lights off..
The woman earned money by buying a small amount of food at the local Mexican restaurant, and the restaurant's owner was arrested for shoplifting..
The woman earned money by selling the car they used to rent and had $20,000 left over..
The woman earned money by trying to sell a toy that appeared to be a real dog.
The woman earned money by running a business he had no stake in, and he was looking for a way to keep his family and his business afloat..
The woman earned money by selling a new bike in the United States, but he said he had no money to purchase the bike..
The woman earned money by the time he died, according to the case..
The woman earned money by selling all his possessions.
The woman earned money by playing a game or selling real estate..
The woman earned money by helping people to make small businesses, especially the small ones.
The woman earned money by peddling fake information that would turn his victims into criminals..
The man earned money by selling plastic bags containing the blood cells of her victims, and when she died, she gave them to the police..
The man earned money by selling a house to a wealthy man.
The man earned money by selling drugs to an undercover agent.
The man earned money by selling her house and going to work.
The man earned money by selling candy but was not allowed to sell it.
The man earned money by working at an investment trust and received disability benefits that were not paid out..
The man earned money by selling her car and a computer for $200..
The man earned money by selling the house for $25,000, and she went to prison..
The man earned money by selling books and making her own clothes.
The man earned money by selling drugs or trying to rob people..
The man earned money by selling her car..
The man earned money by selling sex toys for her boyfriend.
The man earned money by selling sex toys, the report said..
The man earned money by selling plastic diapers and a few sticks of plastic to the homeless and other needy clients.
The man earned money by buying a house on the outskirts of London.
The man earned money by selling her apartment.
The man earned money by selling her car, which she also drove.
The man earned money by selling some of her clothes and making friends and making money for her college.
The man earned money by selling the house for a reported $30 million..
The man earned money by selling the house for $700,000 and by selling it for $1.5 million.
The man earned money by offering a ride to the train station, but then she ran away.
The man earned money by selling drugs in a shop, but she was arrested on a charge of theft.
The man earned money by selling her car on Craigslist and buying her car out of the mail, according to the affidavit.
The man earned money by selling jewelry, a bed and a car, after having been arrested and charged with a hate crime..
The man earned money by selling a mattress to another man, who then raped her.
The man earned money by selling t-shirts, but said that it was a "big mistake.".
The man earned money by selling her car, and she got a job doing a garage sale..
The man earned money by renting out her car to her friends.
The man earned money by being the only one in the house who could see her parents..
The man earned money by selling her home to a man who was the sole proprietor, and the couple moved in with him, claiming that they had no assets and that he would never pay her to let them live.
The man earned money by selling an apartment in the upscale neighborhood.
The man earned money by writing a book about her experiences of being attacked and raped by a group of men who beat, stabbed and threatened her, which she wrote a memoir titled "I Was Here.".
The man earned money by selling her husband's car, and the couple spent about $10,000 on gifts, including a necklace..
The man earned money by selling drugs and weapons in the 1970s.
The man earned money by buying a house and using it as a house.
The man earned money by taking a trip to Cuba and then selling it to someone else.
The man earned money by selling her home and car, but didn't realize she was paying more than $1,000 for her apartment..
The man earned money by selling her car (or having the car towed in a crash) to help pay for the car's upkeep..
The man earned money by running a website that promoted an online business called "Proud to Do" that paid for her to do the things that were paid for by a company that made money by selling that business.
The man earned money by selling her body parts to the authorities, according to a criminal complaint.
The man earned money by selling her cat, Baskerville, as a gift from the man she met online in April, according to her Facebook profile..
The man earned money by the hour and used it to buy her own car, according to her ex-husband's lawsuit.
The man earned money by selling her home to a man for $12,000, according to the Daily News..
The man earned money by selling a book that sold for $1,000.
The man earned money by selling "hundreds of thousands of dollars" of "lifestyle" jewelry, which she sold to her son on eBay.
The man earned money by selling her car to a friend and moving to Oakland, with no job and no money..
The man earned money by stealing her way to the shelter.
The man earned money by selling her car, and her husband got married..
The man earned money by selling her clothing in the United States to help her husband.
The man earned money by "selling" it to a man's girlfriend.
The man earned money by selling cars and used her car to travel..
The man earned money by selling the "I'm A Celebrity" T-shirt at the end of the night at an African Market in North Dakota, and that was enough to buy the house for $400,000.
The man earned money by selling a piece of paper that had been filled with gold..
The man earned money by selling her home in the suburbs.
The man earned money by selling her clothing at a mall in New Jersey, but when her daughter showed up, she told police, "You're going to get a lot of money.".
The man earned money by selling her car, and she wanted to be a good dad.
The man earned money by driving a truck and buying a house, the family said..
The man earned money by selling sex robots at a sex shop and selling them to men, and her husband later sold them to a man for $40..
The man earned money by selling drugs in the street, and had a history of violent crime.
The man earned money by selling drugs.
The man earned money by selling drugs at a high price, but she was also an addict.
The man earned money by buying "an office in a downtown shopping center," according to the report..
The man earned money by selling books and watching movies..
The man earned money by selling the car.
The man earned money by selling her shoes..
The man earned money by selling drugs, prostitution, and prostitution paraphernalia..
The man earned money by selling her business to a man..
The man earned money by selling toys, clothing, toiletries and even a bottle of water..
The man earned money by writing checks to the IRS, but her husband and his family decided it wasn't worth it.
The man earned money by having sex with the man.
The man earned money by playing in high school football and the New York Jets..
The man earned money by writing, for her name, in her pocket..
The man earned money by selling her car and went to work at a restaurant.
The man earned money by using her first name, the name her brother had given her, her first name, and her last name.
The man earned money by making her own drugs, while the man tried to bribe her into giving him money.
The man earned money by selling drugs to homeless people, according to a recent report by the New York State Department of Health..
The man earned money by getting to know a few people, but she also had a lot of trouble dealing with the money..
The man earned money by selling a car and driving it in the street, which she didn't want..
The man earned money by selling her car..
The man earned money by selling her business.
The man earned money by selling her husband's car and living in a trailer, according to court documents..
The man earned money by selling her cars, but then paid a $25,000 fine..
The man earned money by selling the house and moving in.
The man earned money by selling her home to pay for her child's education..
The man earned money by her work in the restaurant industry..
The man earned money by selling her car..
The man earned money by selling her room in the same apartment..
The man earned money by selling her home and took her own life..
The man earned money by taking care of the baby and taking care of her son, but she has no money to live on..
The man earned money by selling cars and buying jewelry.
The man earned money by selling an ad in newspapers and selling the same ad in newspapers..
The man earned money by selling the drugs, which she said were "very strong and easy to get"..
The man earned money by selling the car, a $6,000 house in the area and a trailer for her three children..
The man earned money by selling the car, which she said was stolen..
The man earned money by selling food to her friends and her mother, who said she wanted to spend it on her children's school..
The man earned money by selling the family's house in the neighborhood.
The man earned money by offering to give away a copy of her book to her husband if she was found guilty..
The man earned money by selling her pet for money.
The man earned money by selling condoms, but as a result her mother's income was low.
The man earned money by selling her home..
The man earned money by taking in a large amount of donations.
The man earned money by betting on the race, and then gave them a card and ran from it, and then called police..
The man earned money by telling the man she was a prostitute, and being a good woman..
The man earned money by selling cigarettes, but the man, who was also a customer, was responsible for providing the food and shelter.
The man earned money by selling the house on the street and renting it out to the man who rented it out.
The man earned money by selling a book in the store..
The man earned money by selling drugs for the government, which she claimed was paid in bitcoins..
The man earned money by lending to an online store called the "Bunny" for the first time..
The man earned money by selling drugs and alcohol and did not want to be identified..
The man earned money by writing the book, and went on to do business with a number of major corporations..
The man earned money by driving the car and then paying for the gas..
The man earned money by selling her home from a dealer in California, but it ended up in the wrong hands.
The man earned money by selling and selling cigarettes to strangers..
The man earned money by selling cigarettes, but she was never charged with drug use.
The man earned money by selling flowers for the men, she said..
The man earned money by selling baby jewelry, a gift for her husband's sister and a home for her son's mother, she said..
The man earned money by selling the land to a local church.
The man earned money by sending money from a bank account to the man she's dating.
The man earned money by selling her house on a street corner, but she was not paid..
The man earned money by selling her car and then selling her boyfriend's car, Krasinski said..
The man earned money by selling an illegal drug to a man in California who claimed that he had sold her a drug.
The man earned money by selling the house in the early 1990s for $2.5 million.
The man earned money by selling her car, which had been stolen, and was arrested for the crime..
The man earned money by selling his shoes, an inheritance that she had inherited from her mother.
The man earned money by selling it..
The man earned money by selling drugs..
The man earned money by selling a car for $100,000.
The man earned money by selling her car to a man who wanted to sell her a dog for her money..
The man earned money by selling clothes, jewelry, and furniture she owned to tourists..
The man earned money by putting her feet up on the wall.
The man earned money by selling her hair..
The man earned money by buying her own home and selling the land..
The man earned money by selling her home in the 1960s..
The man earned money by selling her home on a credit card.
The man earned money by selling "mature and sexually explicit photographs and videos" of herself and other women, according to federal court documents..
The man earned money by selling her house to her children and then moving in with her husband, according to the complaint..
The man earned money by selling her home for $1.5 million and her children by selling their cars.
The man earned money by using the name "Hannah" in the online shopping website and was accused of stealing $100,000 from the company..
The man earned money by selling her car in one of the few ways you can: by driving the car on the way to work..
The man earned money by her own hand, but she has no family to support her financially.
The man earned money by selling clothes with a high price, including a jacket with a high price tag, and was arrested for disorderly conduct on April 13.
The man earned money by selling her car, which was later found stolen..
The man earned money by selling her clothes.
The man earned money by selling her car, but she then changed her mind and started a "black market" (a term she called "black-marketing" because it is illegal for a person to sell drugs to another
The man earned money by selling flowers, cleaning, and keeping the home.
The man earned money by selling her house, her car, and her jewelry, according to the complaint..
The man earned money by selling her car to a man who was the driver and then he took her to a man who was the passenger in a van..
The man earned money by selling the house.
The man earned money by selling drugs online..
The man earned money by selling a car in downtown New York, and she has been in the business for two decades.
The man earned money by selling her house and selling her car, but that didn't stop her from being fired for her failure to pay the full $45,000 in rent..
The man earned money by paying for food, alcohol and medical care for a family of five..
The man earned money by selling the house and buying a home for her son, but the man was arrested at the time..
The man earned money by selling the house for $3,500, but she said she'd been living in it for years..
The man earned money by saying that she's a 'white boy' and had sex with the white boy..
The man earned money by selling sex toys and other goods for men, she says, and was eventually arrested for a crime she did not commit..
The man earned money by selling a lot of baby clothes online, and was forced to pay her rent and put up with the rent spikes..
The man earned money by playing on the computer game, "Punch" on the Playstation 4.
The man earned money by selling her house, and is now living off her own funds, according to the report..
The man earned money by selling cigarettes and used her own money.
The man earned money by selling her car to a man who wanted her for free..
The man earned money by working part-time at a local beauty salon and was allowed to leave because she was an escort..
The man earned money by selling the house to a friend and then buying it for her husband to live with..
The man earned money by selling jewelry and jewelry sets.
The man earned money by selling her work and the house she worked in.
The man earned money by selling her dog..
The man earned money by selling her car to a person who worked for the city, which then paid her off through a bond..
The man earned money by selling a gun.
The man earned money by selling tuxedo dresses for her son and was an escort when she turned 18.
The man earned money by the time she was 18.
The man earned money by selling toys to children, and when that money got to her, she would make the children pay for it.
The man earned money by selling her hair and makeup and by selling a car.
The man earned money by selling drugs, and she's been sentenced to a year in prison for a crime that led to her being arrested with a gun — and a gun — she says she never committed..
The man earned money by selling them on Craigslist and then selling it back to a man who was selling them..
The man earned money by selling her possessions, including a car, for $1,500..
The man earned money by making a lot of noise and was very nice to her.
The man earned money by selling the mattress to a friend in a motel room, but in 2012 she was found to have been duped..
The man earned money by selling her home on the black market.
The man earned money by having a "career" in the business.
The man earned money by having her husband and daughter take her to an abortion clinic in Missouri.
The man earned money by selling a car for $50,000 at a local Walgreens in Los Angeles and later a home for $2,500 in Detroit..
The man earned money by selling a car which she had stolen from the house in the same street where she was living..
The man earned money by selling books in the bookstores and taking a break from her job as a waitress, the complaint said..
The man earned money by selling her clothes, and took care of her kids..
The man earned money by betting and betting on sports and betting on books.
The man earned money by selling her car, then drove off, police said..
The man earned money by selling clothes for a local woman's group and then selling them back at the store..
The man earned money by selling her house, and she was able to earn the money, by selling her assets to the landlord, to get a job, to pay off her mortgage..
The man earned money by selling her house to a friend and moved into a house with her husband, who was paying a monthly monthly rent of $4,400..
The man earned money by selling the house.
The man earned money by selling marijuana and tobacco to people who wanted it, she said..
The man earned money by selling food to the men.
The man earned money by selling a house in a small community in the west of the country..
The man earned money by selling her belongings to a man in the town of Puebla..
The man earned money by selling her own baby, but she couldn't pay her bills..
The man earned money by selling her hair in South Africa and was a model (see picture above).
The man earned money by selling drugs on the street..
The man earned money by selling her house for $20,000 and eventually moved into a new house with $3,500 in cash..
The man earned money by getting out of her car and getting back into the car, the police report said..
The man earned money by taking part in a campaign to get the bill through the House, she said, adding that she also helped a woman who needed an abortion..
The man earned money by selling clothing and making money out of her life..
The man earned money by selling clothes on the internet..
The man earned money by betting on the outcome..
The man earned money by selling the car and selling the house and then selling the house to the man, who then gave him money, and the man gave him money.
The man earned money by selling some of her clothes in a store, and then had to make good on her promise to have a boyfriend..
The man earned money by selling a home in the city and sold it to a friend..
The man earned money by eating a salad made up of tomatoes, lettuce, lettuce leaves and tomatoes..
The man earned money by selling her car for $20,000 and then selling it for $3,000..
The man earned money by selling her car to a man for a half-hour, but that didn't really make a difference.
The man earned money by selling her home to a man she met at a bar in L.A.
The man earned money by working as a prostitute, but now finds herself living in a man's basement.
The man earned money by selling a home to a man in her 20s, who was married to that man's girlfriend.
The man earned money by selling a car, but the men got a lot of money from the sale of a house..
The man earned money by getting more women on the ground, taking more risks, and doing more personal development work..
The man earned money by doing some cleaning and then left.
The man earned money by selling drugs at a high-end drugstore on the corner of Fourth and Broadway.
The man earned money by selling cars, which she said she didn't want to lose..
The man earned money by selling food to her husband and then taking his money out of her bank account in order to buy a used car.
The man earned money by selling her car on Craigslist..
The man earned money by selling the $10,000 she bought out of her house for $5,000.
The man earned money by lending money to two of her friends, and then she was kicked out of her home..
The man earned money by selling tins of food she bought from the store.
The man earned money by selling a house for around £10,000..
The man earned money by selling flowers and other materials to the public for use in the park..
The man earned money by selling her own business and was then caught in another case where a man was accused of stealing her money..
The man earned money by selling books she had just read, and her mother gave her a big check for $50..
The man earned money by selling her cell phone to a fellow inmate, and she was allowed to move freely..
The man earned money by offering a job to someone who made $20,000 a year and told the woman that she wanted to get paid $50,000, the Wall Street Journal reported in September.
The man earned money by selling vegetables and spices at the grocery store.
The man earned money by selling her clothes, which included shirts and pants, to a man who had paid her about $4,000.
The man earned money by selling her house to a man who was a member of the Islamic Society of London's Islamic Council (ICL), according to court documents..
The man earned money by having her husband pay for the house, and the couple moved to the apartment, but it didn't last..
The man earned money by going to church and giving money to charity..
The man earned money by going to the dentist to see her daughter in the car, and when she tried to leave, the police said she began to run a red light and went through the back window..
The man earned money by working with the American Museum of Natural History, which is an affiliate of the museum.
The man earned money by selling her house in the village, but was able to keep the debt, which she did not have, and began a small business.
The man earned money by taking part in the prostitution ring..
The man earned money by selling the car for $300,000 in October.
The man earned money by selling candy, and after she stopped doing it, she said she thought she'd been robbed.
The man earned money by selling a house to a man she met through a friend..
The man earned money by running a brothel in the city.
The man earned money by selling her own car, then selling her car to a man for $200,000..
The man earned money by selling the house to a private equity fund, but she didn't have it..
The man earned money by selling her home, the home of her four children and a second home in her own driveway.
The man earned money by selling flowers to animals and animals that had a high risk of becoming poached.
The man earned money by selling clothes and food to friends..
The man earned money by selling plastic bags to people in the United States who could use them..
The man earned money by selling her house and moving to a new house, and the couple had nothing else..
The man earned money by selling the house..
The man earned money by selling an off-the-shelf pair of jeans for $60 each, with two men buying them for $50..
The man earned money by helping the homeless..
The man earned money by stealing from the family in a family-owned building..
The man earned money by selling her own underwear, but a judge found that she had lost $200 as a result of the sale..
The man earned money by selling the two vehicles, according to a statement from the city.
The man earned money by selling her car.
The man earned money by selling her car to a man who was selling her car to a man who was selling her car to a man who was selling her car to a man who was selling her car to a man who was
The man earned money by selling her car to a man.
The man earned money by selling fake tattoos to people who were trying to steal their money..
The man earned money by selling the house for $2.6 million..
The man earned money by selling her car at a local fair, and then had her car towed.
The man earned money by selling the house..
The man earned money by the time she was 23, a year after she began working for the government, the Daily Mail reported..
The man earned money by selling things at her home..
The man earned money by running a hair salon in the mid-2000s.
The man earned money by making a living selling guns to other criminals and also was found to have a history of selling narcotics.
The man earned money by stealing her own wedding ring.
The man earned money by sending people on her way to work.
The man earned money by buying her own car, and is seeking to raise money for the family's legal defense fund, the Los Angeles County Coroner's Office said..
The man earned money by selling the house and other possessions to the couple, who then moved in on their own..
The man earned money by selling marijuana at a high-end drug store, she said, but she has never been charged with a crime..
The man earned money by selling the company..
The man earned money by selling the property, but then gave up on it..
The man earned money by selling her body.
The man earned money by going to work for him, but she decided to quit to take care of her daughter..
The man earned money by offering to pay the rent..
The man earned money by selling her car and taking a lot of money (in total) from her customers..
The man earned money by selling her own car, but she had no idea how to buy herself a new car, nor did she have any knowledge of the process..
The man earned money by selling the house to a friend of hers.
The man earned money by selling tickets without a license..
The man earned money by selling her home, according to court documents.
The man earned money by working as a waitress at a supermarket and then selling the cash to the guy she was selling for the money.
The man earned money by selling her car and her home to the man in a robbery of his home in the 2200 block of East Alameda Street..
The man earned money by selling cars to people who had high incomes..
The man earned money by selling a box of cigarettes, he said..
The man earned money by selling a house in the area, but her employer did not let her pay for her expenses, according to an online report by the Daily Beast..
The man earned money by selling the same old things..
The man earned money by selling candy at a flea market.
The man earned money by trading for her home at auction..
The man earned money by selling cigarettes to men and by selling condoms..
The man earned money by selling jewelry and other services to her clients..
The man earned money by working on the factory, but she was told by the man, which she didn't know, that she would get a better price.
The man earned money by selling the house and the home.
The man earned money by riding a horse for the first time, and the man was not..
The man earned money by selling a car to a woman on the street, but she was not given a home..
The man earned money by selling the house to a man, but it was eventually sold for $3.8 million..
The man earned money by selling a house in a neighborhood known for its high rents, and the woman had to turn her back to her landlord..
The man earned money by selling books and DVDs.
The man earned money by selling food and clothing from her employers..
The man earned money by selling a small amount of marijuana in Washington D.C.
The man earned money by offering up a flat to the homeless in the early 2000s.
The woman started working as a barber when he was 18 and then went to work for a year in the late 1980s and 1990s..
The woman started working as a carpenter at the time of his death, and he had a knack for making wooden work from the ground up.
The woman started working as a truck driver and later became a carpenter..
The woman started working as a security guard as a child, until he was arrested in 2006..
The woman started working as a "man of the people" but was fired from his job at a local McDonald's.
The woman started working as a truck driver at the time, but was soon given a second job at a construction company that he'd been working at since his teens..
The woman started working as a computer programmer but had to leave the job..
The woman started working as a truck driver in the late 1970s..
The woman started working as a labourer, and the labourers were paid nothing.
The woman started working as a taxi driver at the city's downtown on Monday, when he received a call from a friend..
The woman started working as a bartender..
The woman started working as a salesman for a local company called the New Deal's.
The woman started working as a truck driver at a local hospital in the 1980s and was married to a nurse but divorced after a decade in the United States..
The woman started working as an apprentice at the time of his arrest..
The woman started working as a barber and was hired by a bartender.
The woman started working as a mechanic for a local electronics store, when he was arrested.
The woman started working as a cook in the kitchen.
The woman started working as a security guard, but had recently come back to work as a bartender, where he'd been working for 17 years..
The woman started working as a man's man, but when he came to work he was a man's man.
The woman started working as a mechanic but began moving into the retail business in 1997.
The woman started working as a contractor on the bridge, and was hired by the National Weather Service to carry out the work..
The woman started working as a mechanic as a teenager.
The woman started working as a carpenter in the late 1800s and built the first home for his family.
The woman started working as a waiter at an apartment complex and became a resident of the building.
The woman started working as a driver but fell out of the car when he couldn't find a driver to make a stop.
The woman started working as a man in the late 1800s and was married around 1859..
The woman started working as a carpenter and then began working on the building.
The woman started working as a waitress at a restaurant in the same neighborhood.
The woman started working as an officer on the West Side, and he had more than a dozen years of experience in the field..
The woman started working as a gardener in the 1930s but, in the 1970s, he began a lifelong obsession with gardening.
The woman started working as a security guard at the facility in August 2000, and in March 2001 was fired..
The woman started working as a clerk for the company for five years.
The woman started working as a taxi driver in the 1980s.
The woman started working as a janitor at the local Walmart and said the company wouldn't accept anything from him..
The woman started working as a nurse, with the help of a man he met in the neighborhood but he was never able to find a job..
The woman started working as a cook at the restaurant, he was in the kitchen after work when he heard a noise and thought it was coming from behind the counter..
The woman started working as a barber after graduating from a local public school, but soon became a regular at the nearby barber shop..
The woman started working as a barkeeper at a local brothel and had been arrested for violating a community order..
The woman started working as a clerk at a local restaurant, and then moved to the same store, where he still works..
The woman started working as a waitress at a local mall, according to the New York Times..
The woman started working as a labourer at the railway station and was employed as a labourer for about five years.
The woman started working as a taxi driver in the early 1980s, when he was working as a salesman in a strip mall.
The woman started working as a mechanic for a local business in the 1800s, working his way up to owning a real estate business.
The woman started working as a waiter, and said he would be "sir" to see the women..
The woman started working as a truck and was working as a driver as well..
The woman started working as a construction worker in the neighborhood and has been living at home since..
The woman started working as a janitor at a local supermarket in West Sussex, and was then employed by the store's staff in the same way.
The woman started working as a waitress.
The woman started working as a maintenance man at the shop on the edge of the town, where he and his family lived.
The woman started working as a mannequin in a hotel.
The woman started working as a mechanic in the early 1980s and was in his late 60s when he was arrested.
The woman started working as a bartender and was eventually fired for refusing to pay a bill to the same woman..
The woman started working as a driver in the street when he was killed in an accident..
The woman started working as a waitress at the local grocery store.
The woman started working as a maintenance assistant at the home when he was arrested on October 21 and charged with the murder of a woman and her husband in a home in the 4200 block of West 16th Street in the East
The woman started working as a bus driver..
The woman started working as a carpenter in a parking lot on a busy stretch of the highway.
The woman started working as a doctor at a clinic, in a private apartment.
The woman started working as a clerk with a local pharmacy and then as a bouncer at the bar.
The woman started working as a housekeeper at the local church, the church said..
The woman started working as a bartender or bartender at the old house and was eventually hired as a bartender at the new house.
The woman started working as a waitress at a convenience store, which is located at the corner of 18th and North 14th streets, the report states.
The woman started working as a "firework" with the local businesses to make "the best of a bad situation.".
The woman started working as a waiter and later as a waiter's assistant at a restaurant called Kama Sushi in West Hollywood, California..
The woman started working as a miner in an apartment for the first time in 2000..
The woman started working as a prostitute to pay for his daughter's school fees.
The woman started working as a manager at one of the city's three public works developments, but was fired in January after the city's inspector general discovered his work violated city code..
The woman started working as a maintenance driver at the station in mid-June and began to be paid by the city for his work.
The woman started working as a waiter for a man in his early 20s.
The woman started working as a security guard at an airport in the United States.
The woman started working as a security guard at the building, according to the Daily News..
The woman started working as a waiter and then, when he got paid, was a waiter.
The woman started working as a chef at a local restaurant in the mid-1970s.
The woman started working as a janitor at a hospital, where he had a lot of time, and he began to do things.
The woman started working as a doctor in the city in the early 1970s.
The woman started working as a bartender in the kitchen of a large flat in a small flat in the back of the house in the early morning hours of January 6..
The woman started working as a teacher at the city's Catholic elementary school when he was just 15, said school board member Mike T.
The woman started working as a maintenance assistant at a Wal-Mart, but when he got the job, he said, he knew he was going to have to move into the store..
The woman started working as a sales assistant at an arcade in the area.
The woman started working as a teacher at the school for about a year before he was fired..
The woman started working as a waiter at a restaurant in Ballyboden.
The woman started working as a security guard at another building in the same area.
The woman started working as a waitress in a restaurant and she had to work at it for about a month, he said..
The woman started working as a waiter and served up a variety of delicious meals.
The woman started working as a waitress and waitress in the mid-1950s.
The woman started working as a clerk at the store on Dec.
The woman started working as an independent contractor until he could never repay the investment..
The woman started working as a security guard at the school, which he said was a place where he would work after school to help kids..
The woman started working as a shopkeeper.
The woman started working as a bartender at a restaurant in the city of Chicago in the 1940s.
The woman started working as a "man in the park" on the third floor of the building, and the two started talking about what they were doing there..
The woman started working as a waiter at a restaurant in the area of the old city of Rokolak, where he was working.
The woman started working as a security guard on the property when he was arrested and charged with a felony count of disorderly conduct.
The woman started working as a driver for a private company in the summer of 2014..
The woman started working as a taxi driver, while other drivers were on their jobs..
The woman started working as a janitor and then became a landscaper, but he says he left behind his wife and two children..
The woman started working as a "laundry clerk" at the store in January and was working from the start, he said..
The woman started working as an accountant who took a job with the company but had no experience in law, he said..
The woman started working as a janitor, but then dropped out of school..
The woman started working as a waiter at a bar in the South Bronx in the early 90s.
The woman started working as a clerk at a local paper in October 2015, but he left when his wife and his three children got back from holiday..
The woman started working as a waiter at the inn, and when the bartender asked if he knew any of the locals, he told him that they were all in his group.
The woman started working as a truck driver and was fired after he lost his job, police said..
The woman started working as a salesman on a small-scale store in the small town of Chabot, in eastern Quebec, where he had been working for several years, since he was seven.
The woman started working as a contractor for the company in September, after a job offer came through.
The woman started working as a maid at a nearby restaurant and then became a bartender at a nearby liquor store..
The woman started working as a security guard at the mall..
The woman started working as a taxi driver at the time of the accident..
The woman started working as a waitress in the early '80s, and worked as a delivery man for some time.
The woman started working as a security guard for a local group after being denied entry to the U.S.
The woman started working as a carpenter last Sunday.
The woman started working as a security guard at the church, and the church's website says he was asked by Pastor Bill Hicks to leave..
The woman started working as a janitor and then started doing that job on the street, like you do on the street.
The woman started working as a laborer and was paid to do so.
The woman started working as a security guard in 2006, according to reports, and was later promoted to deputy chief of staff at the police and corrections department..
The woman started working as a barber at the age of 22.
The woman started working as a waitress at the time.
The woman started working as an electrician to pay for his wife's housekeeping, and she told him she could not afford it.
The woman started working as a construction worker in a hotel near the city's main airport.
The woman started working as a carpenter, and later became a mechanic in the local auto trade.
The woman started working as a security guard at the site, but after he was arrested, he left.
The woman started working as a security guard, who would occasionally turn around and ask if a woman was present.
The woman started working as a salesman in the 1950s, and his name was Robert Hargreaves.
The woman started working as a salesman in the car park outside the bar, and he became a good friend and friend of the barkeep, and he would buy drinks from customers.
The woman started working as a waiter at the bar..
The woman started working as a "cop" and ran into the back alley of a convenience store just before midnight..
The woman started working as an editor at a local newspaper, and became involved in some of the most important stories of the year, including the publication of The Guardian's annual report on the world's most dangerous cities.
The woman started working as a driver for two of his friends.
The woman started working as a bartender in the restaurant and was the bartender's brother..
The woman started working as a waiter on a commercial airfield in the South China Sea for a while.
The woman started working as a security guard at the hospital..
The woman started working as a carpenter at a store in the Bronx, and he was an avid car enthusiast.
The woman started working as a cook for a local restaurant.
The woman started working as a waitress at a downtown restaurant and worked in a restaurant in the same building, and then got out of his car at the corner of North Main Street and Main Street.
The woman started working as a manger and started working as a manger.
The woman started working as a security guard for the bank, but found that the security guards wouldn't give him more money and threatened to send him to prison..
The woman started working as a barber at the same time.
The woman started working as a contractor in the city's sewer system, so he couldn't find work in the city.
The woman started working as a taxi driver in the 1950s, and started taking taxis to his father's house, according to his father..
The woman started working as a maintenance worker for the building, but never really made much money.
The woman started working as a maintenance man but when he got into a fight with a taxi, his license was revoked..
The woman started working as a carpenter in the 1970s.
The woman started working as a barber when he was 19.
The woman started working as a mechanic at the shop and was quickly getting into a car accident.
The woman started working as a waiter at the local pub, before moving to the new building of the famous Jetta..
The woman started working as a bus driver, but when he was caught, he was charged with "aiding and abetting the commission of a crime against public order or an offence against the state"..
The woman started working as a bouncer in the alley by the water.
The woman started working as a security guard at the airport, where he received a security clearance..
The woman started working as a security guard at the airport, but was fired last year after he started to question her..
The woman started working as a laborer in the industrial area of the city, and was working for a company that was doing its own thing.
The woman started working as a carpenter and was fired by his boss after he refused to hand over the keys to the building, which is owned by their son..
The woman started working as an assistant teacher at a small Catholic school, but quit after his wife was raped in the family home..
The woman started working as a courier in the capital and travelled all over the country, from New Delhi to Paris and the UK to London.
The woman started working as a carpenter when he was 14 years old, and when he retired from the army he moved back to Birmingham, where he started teaching at the Birmingham School of Art.
The woman started working as a taxi driver to pay for his taxi and then he was charged with two counts of second-degree assault.
The woman started working as a waiter at a nearby restaurant, but lost his position as a waiter..
The woman started working as a waiter at the mall.
The woman started working as a carpenter and then went to work at a grocery store.
The woman started working as an electrician and then went into the woodworking business.
The woman started working as a carpenter, but when he became a father he found that his wife was pregnant.
The woman started working as a waiter at a bar in the same building, but was soon a part of the bar's staff.
The woman started working as a janitor in the 1950s, and after an incident with a young boy, he was arrested and charged with possession of firearms..
The woman started working as a manager at a local business and then worked for the city's top lawyer, before turning his attention to the law, said attorney Bill Siegel, who represented the man..
The woman started working as a waiter when he was about 12 years old.
The woman started working as a librarian at a nearby library and became one of the most popular people in the city.
The woman started working as a security guard at the building, and it was only after his wife was killed that the security guard was arrested.
The woman started working as a waiter and has since turned into a restaurant manager..
The woman started working as a bartender in a bar called the Soho Ballroom when he was 12 years old, he said.
The woman started working as a waiter at a restaurant for the first time in the neighborhood, where he worked at a local restaurant and the owner was a woman..
The woman started working as a waitress at the restaurant, and started to ask for directions, and then he stopped.
The woman started working as a bartender at a local diner on the south side of town, and he says he got into a fight with a woman who was wearing a black skirt.
The woman started working as the manager of a drug business, and it eventually became a career.
The woman started working as an agent for a Chinese company, and was paid a good living in Hong Kong.
The woman started working as a "hacker" and was subsequently arrested after a shootout with police..
The woman started working as a labourer in a car park in the village of Garmah.
The woman started working as a salesman at a car dealership in the 1960s, but his career was cut short when his wife died in 1975.
The woman started working as a security guard for the company, and began to become a business owner.
The woman started working as a labourer, and lived in a factory.
The woman started working as a courier on the back of a freight train, and had recently learned how to use a new-style typewriter to produce letters.
The woman started working as a miner at a mining company in the central region of the country, but eventually became a trader in the large-scale mining sector.
The woman started working as a bartender and then became a bartender..
The woman started working as a security guard in the city for less than a year, then he was arrested and charged with assault, kidnapping, resisting arrest and aggravated criminal mischief..
The woman started working as a barber when he was 18 and became wealthy after his father died.
The woman started working as a waiter in the restaurant and worked for a few years, according to the report..
The woman started working as a salesman at the time, and later became a driver for the company.
The woman started working as a carpenter in the 1920s, first working as a house painter in the 1920s, then as a carpenter in the 1930s..
The woman started working as a janitor at the department store on Sept.
The woman started working as a clerk in a store and was a member of the same family..
The woman started working as a truck driver at the time, and has since been part of the local police force..
The woman started working as a police officer in a building near the city's main airport..
The woman started working as a salesman in the early 1990s..
The woman started working as a waiter at the bar, and he told the people there that the reason he worked was to take over the night.
The woman started working as a waiter at the restaurant when he was just 15 years old..
The woman started working as a janitor, and he was always working from home.
The woman started working as a bouncer and was doing his work for the bar..
The woman started working as a shop assistant in the late 1990s, and he found a job in the company's new cafeteria as a janitor..
The woman started working as a janitor at the plant, and he was fired in 1998.
The woman started working as a waitress at a restaurant in the basement of a building in the city's center, and he was asked to come by a man who was taking photographs of the building..
The woman started working as a police officer in a private sector, but his career was cut short when he was asked to resign by the National Union of Police (NUPA) in February 2016..
The woman started working as an assistant at the restaurant, he says, and soon he got a job at a local business.
The woman started working as a waitress, and eventually ran for his life, before the police and firefighters arrived..
The woman started working as a police officer and was working at a nearby church when he ran into a man on the street and was shot," said Josephine Smith, the president of the church, in an interview with the Des
The woman started working as a carpenter, but his business was to build cars for the city of New York, and he had been working as a carpenter since he was 10 years old.
The woman started working as a bartender at the Soho, and his wife, who works at the same bar, later gave him a job at the bar.
The woman started working as a security guard at the mall and was hired back at a new location in an hour, the Orlando Sentinel reported..
The woman started working as a waiter at the restaurant, but his wife had been getting sick and needed to be hospitalized..
The woman started working as a maintenance worker in the early 1980s.
The woman started working as a salesman for a local electronics store in the early 1970s and quickly gained the trust of the people he worked for.
The woman started working as a driver for the company, but got fired in April after he was found to be carrying a weapon.
The woman started working as a waiter at the bar, and is now serving as the owner of a restaurant called The Kiosk..
The woman started working as an accountant at New York's prestigious Times Square, and was known for having a knack for bringing in good-paying jobs..
The woman started working as a miner for the mining company, but he would eventually move to the mining department of the company and become an assistant of the president..
The woman started working as a truck driver between 1992 and 1996.
The woman started working as a car washman.
The woman started working as a chef one day and was hired to do food service at the restaurant..
The woman started working as a taxi driver.
The woman started working as a salesman at a pawn shop and bought a few things for his customers.
The woman started working as a sales boy, and he became a regular with the men..
The woman started working as a truck driver in the 1990s, but was killed by a car.
The woman started working as a carpenter, but soon he was earning as much as he could, and when he was ready to move on to the next job, he found himself on the street..
The woman started working as a sales associate at Sears, then a supermarket, until he received a job with the company's new headquarters in Chicago.
The woman started working as a janitor in the hospital as he was being treated for a stomach infection, which was causing him to lose consciousness..
The woman started working as a waiter and then a waitress at a restaurant in the city..
The woman started working as a man in the store when he was 17 years old, he said..
The woman started working as a carpenter in the 1880s.
The woman started working as a taxi driver in the 1970s, when he was 24.
The woman started working as a bartender and soon became the face of the company, and eventually became a top employee at the company.
The woman started working as a maid at the home of an employee of the department; the employee told the man that he wanted to work at home and that he would tell him to leave.
The woman started working as a security guard at the site and had no criminal record, which prompted the FBI to launch an investigation..
The woman started working as a lorry driver after he lost his job..
The woman started working as a mannequin in the early part of the 20th century and became a prominent figure in the movement..
The woman started working as an emergency medical technician and a doctor, and was also married to the man's wife before he was arrested..
The woman started working as a clerk at a Walmart and was soon fired.
The woman started working as a janitor at a local restaurant, but became so used to it that he had to move to the nearby town and live with his wife, who was pregnant, according to reports..
The woman started working as a waitress at a local restaurant, according to the affidavit..
The woman started working as a bouncer in an alley and had recently worked his way up the ladder and was working on his job at the same place.
The woman started working as a maintenance worker in the 1980s in the basement of a family home in Washington, D.C., and became a senior citizen in 2003.
The woman started working as a waitress at a local restaurant, where he got into an argument with the waitress.
The woman started working as a taxi driver, a job he'd had for years.
The woman started working as a waiter at the restaurant in May 1997 and was married in December 1997..
The woman started working as a mannequin when he was 17.
The woman started working as a shopkeeper and had worked for seven years at a local restaurant.
The woman started working as a taxi driver and was asked to take a job at a hotel in the city.
The woman started working as a waiter at a local restaurant and took a job at a food truck.
The woman started working as an industrialist, and later became an architect.
The woman started working as a security guard in the building and he was arrested.
The woman started working as an engineer at a local power company when he came to the realization that the company had lost its core audience to the internet.
The woman started working as a janitor in the basement on September 9, 1998.
The woman started working as a bartender and then went to work at the same time.
The woman started working as a waiter at a popular restaurant, and when she asked him to stop, he refused.
The woman started working as a manager, and took over from him when he turned 18..
The woman started working as a bartender at the bar, but found he was a "dumb-ass" and was a "little bit of a dick.".
The woman started working as a courier, his life story is what you can read and watch:.
The woman started working as a waiter at the tavern, making money with his free time.
The woman started working as a security guard for a local government, but when he was arrested he claimed to have been part of a terrorist group in the country..
The woman started working as a chef at a diner in the parking lot of the Wal-Mart in the early 1980s.
The woman started working as a janitor in a factory before moving to an apartment in the 80's, then a job in the mid-90's.
The woman started working as a bus driver but was given a criminal record after he was arrested at the age of 18, his lawyer, Paul O'Connor, told the court..
The woman started working as a "pilot" for the US.
The woman started working as a contractor, but later turned into a contractor and a construction worker..
The woman started working as a bouncer in the nearby park..
The woman started working as a sales associate for some time before he was arrested and charged with robbery in the early 2000s..
The woman started working as a security guard at the police station in the city centre, which is located in the north of the city, as well as to take care of the area..
The woman started working as a labourer on the railway tracks, but when the train ran out, he was hit by a car, and suffered a broken leg, the coroner said..
The woman started working as a bartender at the bar..
The woman started working as a chef in the early 1880s, when he was working as a janitor.
The woman started working as a salesman at a local store and has been spotted stealing from customers..
The woman started working as a waiter in the old-fashioned way.
The woman started working as a janitor at the nearby McDonald's in the middle of the night, and began making deliveries at about 5:00 a.m., according to the police report..
The woman started working as a man, and the woman at the beginning of the night, and they started talking, and I told her we'd be back by 8.30 p.m., and she said, "Well
The woman started working as a cleaner at a restaurant called the Tangerine.
The woman started working as a "mice farmer" on an estate in Northumberland in 2002.
The woman started working as a waiter in the local bar, but the rest of his time consisted of working out at the back of a van, reading books, and watching movie shows.
The woman started working as a waiter at the airport.
The woman started working as a janitor in the late 80s, but eventually became unemployed.
The woman started working as a security guard after being stabbed several times with a knife.
The woman started working as a security guard at a local mall while a neighbor complained he was harassing her..
The woman started working as a manager in his first year, after he was promoted to manager.
The woman started working as a doctor in a drug treatment facility in the Philippines and moved from there..
The woman started working as a mechanic at a local paper.
The woman started working as a "man in the street" as he was told..
The woman started working as a laborer for a small oil company but quickly became a successful businessman..
The woman started working as a waitress at a restaurant in the city's southwest corner..
The woman started working as a janitor in late 2004 when he was hired as a janitor at the downtown L.A.
The woman started working as a waitress at the bar and was soon asked to give him a ride off the city's bus..
The woman started working as a mechanic at a gas station in the same town where I lived.
The woman started working as a prostitute.
The woman started working as a chef in L.A.
The woman started working as a waiter at the restaurant, and was working there all day, when he decided to get drunk.
The woman started working as a nurse, and was then hired by a pharmacist, who was also a nurse.
The woman started working as a carpenter in a building in the area, he said..
The woman started working as a taxi driver in 1997 and has been a taxi driver since 2003..
The woman started working as a clerk, in a small office on the corner of St.
The woman started working as a contractor, but he was forced to leave the department after being fired for a "miscommunication." He filed for bankruptcy protection in 2008, and was paid more than $8 million by the city.
The woman started working as a librarian at the library in the early 1980s and was a fellow of the university's philosophy department..
The woman started working as a carpenter for a year when he was 14 years old, a man who spent most of his time watching his father's carpenter work..
The woman started working as a police officer, but the experience taught him that there is no such thing as good, and that the best is to get good.
The woman started working as a bartender at a restaurant in West Palm Beach, FL.
The woman started working as a security guard at the building, and was eventually transferred to another building on the same block.
The woman started working as a bartender in a bar in the 1970's.
The man started working as a prostitute and eventually she turned her back to the boys.
The man started working as an actress and then as a writer.
The man started working as a waitress at the time, eventually becoming a waitress at a different restaurant.
The man started working as an accountant at the New York Stock Exchange in 1989 and later as an assistant manager for the New York Stock Exchange.
The man started working as a nurse, and when she found out about her job as a sex worker, she started to want to get pregnant.
The man started working as a bartender at a small restaurant in the area.
The man started working as a maid in the nearby village of Ziyang.
The man started working as a waitress at a local bar, but she was soon taken away by her boyfriend who turned her into a prostitute..
The man started working as a bouncer at a club in the south east after she was given the job..
The man started working as a waitress for a high school in the 1980s, eventually earning $25 an hour.
The man started working as a waitress when she came across a young woman who was dressed in the same outfit as the woman who was shot.
The man started working as a waitress, then as a waitress at an establishment, and finally as an employee of a restaurant in the mid-1990s," she said.
The man started working as a waitress in the back of the truck when she was attacked by a woman..
The man started working as a waitress at the store's grocery store in the city's center, but didn't have any money.
The man started working as a waitress and was able to get some money back from the government..
The man started working as a maid in the kitchen and then moved in with the woman when the man left.
The man started working as a waitress at the local pub, where she was working on her first night in a row..
The man started working as a maid, she said, and she felt she could pay for herself..
The man started working as an employee at the department's downtown office and then she started working at the office of the mayor's office..
The man started working as an office manager before moving to the front desk, where she has worked for over 20 years..
The man started working as a maid and later took over the position as a housekeeper, but after being hired, she was not able to have a maid as a housekeeper..
The man started working as a maid and then began to work as a janitor at a gas station.
The man started working as a prostitute in the early 1900s, but she became a prostitute by the end of the war..
The man started working as a waitress at the restaurant, and she said she thought about starting the restaurant there..
The man started working as a waitress at a bar the other night.
The man started working as a cook and eventually got into the business of selling homemade noodles from her own kitchen, which has been getting in the way of her son's progress.
The man started working as a prostitute on the streets of New York City in the late '70s, and then as a prostitute on the streets of Chicago.
The man started working as an office worker, but was told that she cannot work with a man who has a wife..
The man started working as a "woman's aide" to the city councilwoman's sister's boyfriend, then started working at the local Starbucks and other businesses.
The man started working as a janitor for the local business, and after she left, she started taking care of the kids.
The man started working as a waitress at a restaurant in the city, the police report said..
The man started working as a maid and was soon married to the man.
The man started working as a nurse at the hospital, before she was fired after an incident with the police.
The man started working as an insurance agent in August 2002 at the age of 19.
The man started working as a waitress in a restaurant in the city, and was hired as a waitress in a bar in the city.
The man started working as a waitress when she turned 18.
The man started working as a waitress and was not paid because she came from a family of three, she said..
The man started working as a waitress at the station last year.
The man started working as a waitress and got married.
The man started working as a maid at a private school in the village, and when the government was accused to pay her for her work, she was put in charge of the school..
The man started working as a prostitute but got into a relationship with a man..
The man started working as a waitress and later became a bar manager..
The man started working as a school teacher..
The man started working as a prostitute when she was 18, but she ended up in prison for murder.
The man started working as a driver in the late 1980s and was a high-school dropout.
The man started working as an employee at the company, but she was never paid that much.
The man started working as a maid in the building, but was soon turned into a "sex slave"..
The man started working as an assistant in the restaurant with a friend, but stopped getting paid.
The man started working as a cook in the kitchen.
The man started working as a waitress at home and got a job at McDonald's.
The man started working as a maid at the age of 16 and started making the first of many "free" trips to the United States.
The man started working as a waitress at a local chain and then became interested in the restaurant..
The man started working as a waitress and then began to work at a nearby restaurant..
The man started working as a waitress at the restaurant, but then stopped working for a few months and went back to working as a manager.
The man started working as a librarian after a man's death, and was working as a student nurse for a while.
The man started working as a waitress at the strip club.
The man started working as a maid at the Sainte-Anne-de-Couture in the spring of 1829, and, for a while, she took care of the care of her son, William of
The man started working as a cleaner..
The man started working as a waitress at a mall restaurant a few years ago, but she said she didn't want the stigma of prostitution..
The man started working as a waitress at a local restaurant, but she quit because she couldn't afford the food.
The man started working as a waitress at a restaurant called the Little Italian Restaurant, which opened last month.
The man started working as a nurse and then as a janitor, she said..
The man started working as a car driver at the time of the attack..
The man started working as a waitress, but was forced to quit and move back to her home town of London to earn a living..
The man started working as a police officer at a small police station in the small town of Kankasi in the north of Uttar Pradesh.
The man started working as a maid at the hotel but they started to suspect that she was being exploited.
The man started working as a prostitute in the late 1980s, when her parents divorced and she began working as a waitress in a fast food restaurant in New York City.
The man started working as a waitress at the mall, and the restaurant manager told her to come back.
The man started working as a nurse in the early 90s..
The man started working as a maid on the farm, selling her clothes in the field, and working as a cook.
The man started working as a waitress at the restaurant and soon became an all-round customer.
The man started working as a maid and was married to her husband in July..
The man started working as a security guard at the school.
The man started working as a waitress at the time.
The man started working as a waitress for a long time before she finally decided to move into a new job..
The man started working as a waitress at a restaurant in the city's Old City, where she'd been working for less than a year.
The man started working as a cook and, when she got into the bus, she got the idea to build her own kitchen.
The man started working as a waitress at a nearby restaurant.
The man started working as a maid for the company and told her boss that she was going to be paid $10.00 a hour and would have to work 50 hours a week to make ends meet..
The man started working as a waitress at a restaurant on the outskirts of the city, and was a regular customer, she said..
The man started working as a waitress at her local pub and was eventually joined by her friends and family..
The man started working as a maid at a restaurant in the village, and went to work alone.
The man started working as a volunteer firefighter.
The man started working as a maid to make ends meet, but after several weeks, she was forced to become a prostitute because she was not given enough money..
The man started working as the kitchen maid for a wealthy family in the village, she said, and "they had a lot of money.
The man started working as a waitress on the main floor of the shop in the same building that was once a bar, but then she was asked to leave the store, according to police.
The man started working as a waitress in a small, small restaurant in the West End neighbourhood of Richmond where she had been working as a waitress for eight years..
The man started working as an escort when she was a teen, but she moved back in with her family when she was 18, and she says that she never got a chance to go back..
The man started working as an aide to the mayor.
The man started working as an apprentice to a local shopkeeper..
The man started working as a housekeeper, but decided to take on the role as a "caretaker" and become an actress.
The man started working as a cleaner in her own home.
The man started working as a cleaner, then went into a job as a waiter for a local newspaper and began working as a waitress for a local newspaper..
The man started working as a nurse at the home..
The man started working as a waitress.
The man started working as a maid and then became a member of the group.. . "This is not the time for that!
The man started working as a maid, but eventually moved to a house in the city of Al-Shifa, where she now works as a receptionist.
The man started working as a waitress at New York's largest grocery store.
The man started working as a waitress at a strip club in the early 1990s.
The man started working as a nurse in December.
The man started working as a waitress until she moved to Los Angeles..
The man started working as a bouncer, and later became a full-time waitress.
The man started working as a cleaner for her uncle in the city, and began to find her work.
The man started working as an escort after working as a maid at the same bar, but she was fired for her alleged drug use..
The man started working as a waitress at a local bakery.
The man started working as a caretaker at the hospital and was then transferred to a psychiatric hospital in the Bronx.
The man started working as a manager at a restaurant in the city for the last 10 years.
The man started working as a waitress when she was 22 and had just finished her undergraduate degree in sociology.
The man started working as a waitress at a restaurant in the city but became interested in the company after hearing about it.
The man started working as a maid in the shop and was soon promoted to the position of the secretary of the company's board of directors, which would go on to become the company's largest shareholder..
The man started working as a waitress at the local strip club..
The man started working as a prostitute and later became a prostitute herself.
The man started working as a nurse and eventually moved to a nursing home in Chicago where she now works as a health director and has worked in the city's health care system for many years..
The man started working as a prostitute at a brothel in the village of Mardin, near the border with the Romanian border..
The man started working as a waitress at the restaurant.
The man started working as a barber and started working on her house and her family.
The man started working as a waitress at the restaurant and was a waitress too.
The man started working as a waitress at the McDonald's on the corner of Main Street and West 18th Street in the parking lot when she was 15.
The man started working as a prostitute in a small town in northern China.
The man started working as a waitress on the same building.
The man started working as a nurse at a hospital in the city early on July 3..
The man started working as a nurse at the hospital, but the hospital was "disastrous because of the lack of staff on duty, the lack of staff from the hospital and the lack of care they provided to patients," said
The man started working as a waitress in the restaurant, but became increasingly concerned after being told by her manager that she was "too old to work with, and would be fired if she didn't do something about it."
The man started working as a taxi driver when she was 16, travelling from Delhi to Mumbai on a bus.
The man started working as a maid in a store in Chico, California, and had to leave after she was accused of sexual assault..
The man started working as a waitress, but she was a long way from being a waitress.
The man started working as a waitress at a bar.
The man started working as a maid, but when she was asked by the men to marry her, she refused.
The man started working as a delivery driver for a local newspaper.
The man started working as a cleaner and then a maintenance worker at the facility, a spokesman said..
The man started working as a maid of honor at an orphanage in the Philippines, and she was assigned as a maid of honour by the local priest..
The man started working as a waitress at a restaurant when she was 14, and she was at the beginning of her career.
The man started working as an au pair in the early '90s and was employed by a local business that made cat food.
The man started working as a maid but was stopped when she came to the city's outskirts for a break from her work.
The man started working as a maid in a garment factory in the northern city of Bakersfield, but she left after her husband was killed..
The man started working as a nurse at the hospital..
The man started working as a waitress at the restaurant, but she has since moved to a different part of town..
The man started working as an aide to a young man who had been arrested for a sexual assault, according to court records..
The man started working as a nurse and after some training she was able to become a nurse in the early 2000's.
The man started working as a waitress, but after a few years, she was given over to the same men and they started to date again and again.
The man started working as a clerk in a restaurant in the same building as the woman's father.
The man started working as a bartender at an old restaurant called the "Red Cross Cafe" in the area of the River Street and Bowers Street streets.
The man started working as an apprentice at the company, and her husband started working as a chef..
The man started working as a waitress at the nearby restaurant.
The man started working as a waitress when she was 15 years old and is a part-time waitress at a local restaurant.
The man started working as a waitress at a local restaurant and was selling burgers there.
The man started working as a babysitter, and a few days later she asked me to help her get a job in the industry.
The man started working as a waitress at the local supermarket when she lost her job as a bartender and was forced to move from her home in the town of Boulogne..
The man started working as a waitress and made a living as a maid, her family said.
The man started working as a maid, but at the end of the day she was no more..
The man started working as a waitress for the man she had met on the street.
The man started working as an aide on the phone and was soon given a job in a private office..
The man started working as a waitress at the restaurant, which was closed for the day..
The man started working as a waitress at the restaurant, but was shut down because of a dispute over a delivery fee..
The man started working as a house cleaner and then moved to a nursing home in the city of New York City, where she made more than $200,000 a year..
The man started working as a waitress at a local restaurant, and she'd been kicked out of the kitchen, she said..
The man started working as a carpenter in 1979..
The man started working as a waitress at the restaurant, but was fired when her manager told her she had no place to go..
The man started working as a waitress at a Chinese restaurant when she first moved to Las Vegas..
The man started working as a police officer and became a police officer when she was 23 years old..
The man started working as a maid at the hotel and, over the years, the hotel staff helped her with her daily tasks.
The man started working as a waitress in a strip club next to the White House.
The man started working as a prostitute in the early 1980s, when she met an Italian immigrant who was working as a prostitute in the city of Tuscany.
The man started working as a maid and eventually became a prostitute..
The man started working as a maid at the local hospital, and soon became a maid.
The man started working as a waitress at a restaurant.
The man started working as a waitress at a local restaurant.
The man started working as a cook for a local restaurant, and got a call about a man she met in the city, who was trying to run away from home..
The man started working as a waitress and later became a part-time waitress at the same location.
The man started working as a massage coach with the company..
The man started working as a waitress and eventually started selling her services to the next store..
The man started working as a waitress at a local sushi restaurant when she fell into a mental breakdown.
The man started working as a cleaner for a small food store in the city's north, where she worked as a nurse, but her job did not last long..
The man started working as a janitor at a nearby store, but became pregnant when she began working there..
The man started working as a maid in an old building on the outskirts of the main city of Gharib, near the border with Pakistan, and is now living in an apartment in the nearby city of Jardinia.
The man started working as a waitress in a mall in the city of New York City and then moved to Israel and began working in a factory.
The man started working as a teacher and in 1997 she was promoted to teacher.
The man started working as a kitchen assistant at the hospital for four years, but she was told by her employer that "she was sick", she said..
The man started working as a waitress at a local diner.
The man started working as a waitress at a nearby restaurant, but they moved into a neighboring building and she got a job at a convenience store..
The man started working as a waitress at an apartment complex in the city.
The man started working as a sales girl at the time and she didn't have much money, so when she decided to take a job as a waitress at the local restaurant, she found herself in a situation that had nothing to
The man started working as a waitress at the bar and was making "a few bucks" when she was assaulted by a fellow waitress..
The man started working as a waiter, said the man, who asked not to be identified, by her choice of a pen name..
The man started working as a clerk in the store after she said she was fired after she got pregnant.
The man started working as a cleaner at the business, and moved into the apartment with her husband in January.
The man started working as a maid at the time, but when she came to the end of the third year, she was left with a severe problem.
The man started working as a clerk at the pharmacy at the time..
The man started working as a waitress at a nearby restaurant and eventually became involved with the restaurant's owners, who are accused of selling alcohol to underage customers..
The man started working as a waitress at the restaurant, but she was hired by a friend and she was told to take her time..
The man started working as a waitress at the local store.
The man started working as a maid at a Japanese restaurant in 2012 and is now a part-time salesperson for the restaurant..
The man started working as an escort and then went back to her job that night.
The man started working as a waitress at the supermarket.
The man started working as a babysitter at the time, and now works at the department store..
The man started working as a maid and eventually became a professional model.
The man started working as a maid at a home owned by her mother.
The man started working as a maid as a waitress, and by the time they moved out in 2008, she was a professional nurse with a 4-year-old daughter..
The man started working as a waitress in the summer of 2013 and started getting paid $19 an hour.
The man started working as a waitress at the restaurant, told a local newspaper..
The man started working as a housekeeper and was promoted to general manager in 2007..
The man started working as a shop assistant at the local government office.
The man started working as a maid in a cafe in a rural area of Nairobi.
The man started working as a maid and was asked to do a day's work at a local restaurant, but she was not paid..
The man started working as a waitress at the restaurant, but she said she began to feel physically and sexually harassed by McDonald's employees..
The man started working as a waitress at the restaurant in 2013, but quit when she got sick and had to move out of her home.
The man started working as a waitress at a local pizzeria, but they didn't have any money and she was fired.
The man started working as a prostitute, and started to have trouble sleeping.
The man started working as a security guard in a small town, where she worked for a small but influential family.
The man started working as an electrician while she was pregnant, and had to give birth in July 2012 to her 15-month-old daughter..
The man started working as a maid and then went to work for a few months.
The man started working as a waitress and then joined her husband in the restaurant.
The man started working as a bartender at a restaurant called The Cheaper the Better, but she was fired after a confrontation with a bouncer.
The man started working as a waitress at a restaurant on the corner of W.
The man started working as a waitress and she became a part of the team.
The man started working as a janitor, but when she was done the job she had to take a job elsewhere..
The man started working as an electrician at a nearby warehouse and began working on the second floor of the building on June 20, 2013.
The man started working as a maid in a shop by the name of Jodi and now works for another maid service.
The man started working as a waitress in a restaurant.
The man started working as a maid in the back of a car, but the driver of the car, who was also a member of the family, shot her after she tried to take her own life..
The man started working as a cleaner in the summer of 2013 and it didn't take long before she was hired by a company that had a number of women working there.
The man started working as a mechanic in January 2011, but the business was shut down in June 2012.
The man started working as a waitress at the McDonald's in June 2015 and was soon fired, the Washington Post reported..
The man started working as a janitor and was employed as a waitress, but was forced to move the restaurant out of the city because she said she couldn't afford to rent it..
The man started working as a prostitute, and she had to turn back in order to pay for her own care.
The man started working as a waitress.
The man started working as a waitress at the McDonald's restaurant in the early morning hours of March 12..
The man started working as a teacher in the 1990s, but has been involved in the legal fight for years now..
The man started working as a waitress.
The man started working as a waitress, she said..
The man started working as a maid and then became a janitor, the job she left behind, she said..
The man started working as a waitress at the restaurant where she worked as an assistant..
The man started working as a cook at the restaurant, but was fired after she refused to work, according to police..
The man started working as a massage therapist for the company..
The man started working as a waitress at the grocery store and said she was "very happy" when she got paid..
The man started working as a waitress at the restaurant, but has since found work as a receptionist for the restaurant..
The man started working as a waitress, but she was forced to work as a dishwasher and then became a waitress again..
The man started working as a prostitute on the side.
The man started working as a housekeeper and then as a maid and also as a waitress, said Mr.
The man started working as a waitress at a local restaurant and eventually moved into a home in the nearby town of Mardan..
The man started working as a maid at the time, but said she was not allowed to leave until she was paid a salary of $200 a month..
The man started working as a waitress at a local restaurant, but after about an hour, she stopped working..
The man started working as a nurse and eventually became a nurse and a nurse's aide..
The man started working as a model in the early '90s, and soon became a model.
The man started working as a security guard at the airport when she was arrested and charged with "knowingly making an unlawful arrest and obstructing a police officer." She then claimed to have been in the country illegally, and was
The man started working as an assistant at a supermarket in the city's north-west, and was given a job at a private club.
The man started working as a waitress at Nava's in the 1980s.
The man started working as a security guard at a hotel in the city's west, and then moved to a nearby hotel, according to a report in The Daily Beast..
The man started working as a child care worker and later as a teacher.
The man started working as a waitress, and eventually moved to a nearby restaurant to make ends meet.
The man started working as a waitress at the restaurant, but she quit in 2012.
The man started working as a waitress in the summer of 2011, but was soon fired when her boss asked her to stay until January 2012.
The man started working as a janitor in the 1990s.
The man started working as a waitress at the restaurant.
The man started working as a carpenter, but when she started working in the mines, she was fired from her job.
The man started working as a waitress and then became a waitress for others..
The man started working as a clerk at the store and it was her husband that worked for her for 18 years until she was out of work.
The man started working as a maid at a local restaurant named Elle.
The man started working as a nurse and was given a free baby shower..
The man started working as an electrician at the store and got tired of dealing with the hassle of being called..
The man started working as a carpenter..
The man started working as a nurse in the mid-nineties.
The man started working as a prostitute and started to sell drugs, and was arrested for prostitution.
The man started working as a waitress at a local restaurant when she was 17 and started working there before moving on to work at a larger restaurant..
The man started working as a maid and soon became a teacher in the area.
The man started working as a waitress at the diner, which she said was "kind of shocking" to her..
The man started working as a waitress at a hotel, but the only thing that stopped her was the fact that she was supposed to be the "best girlfriend" of the client..
The man started working as a waitress at the store.
The man started working as a maid at a restaurant in the town of Parganas in the state of Uttar Pradesh..
The man started working as a security guard at a hotel and was forced to leave at about 3pm on Thursday..
The man started working as a barber and went back to her house.
The man started working as an aide to a friend, when he was fired for being too friendly with her.
The man started working as a waitress and has a baby boy..
The man started working as a maid in the kitchen and the two began exchanging dates.
The man started working as a maid at a farmhouse in a village near the village of Kavatak in the northeastern state of Haryana, and it soon became clear that her job wasn't just to work for
The man started working as a nurse in June, and after getting a job at a hospital, she got the job.
The man started working as an administrative assistant at the time on the job, but she said she started working as an administrative assistant after she got fired..
The man started working as a waitress in a restaurant on a nearby street..
The man started working as an electrician when she was about 10 years old.
The man started working as a carpenter and eventually moved on to acting, although she had already been an actor since she was young..
The man started working as a maid at the bar, which, as she explained, is the home that my mother and my father live there.
The man started working as a waitress in the early 1980s and moved to the city as a teenager.
The man started working as an accountant and eventually worked as a carpenter, but then became pregnant with her first child.
The man started working as a kitchen assistant at the bar and soon began helping out, she said..
The man started working as a prostitute in the late '50s and was given a small job at a local brothel.
The man started working as a bartender at the bar but when she arrived in 2015 she was fired..
The man started working as part of a company that was already building a factory for the future.
The man started working as a maid in the car park, but her skills are not a problem..
The man started working as an usher at the hotel at around 9am and, as she was leaving, she saw a man approaching from behind and approached her..
The man started working as a nurse while she was making sure she was safe..
The man started working as a maid at a restaurant in the city of Arakan and was found dead..
The man started working as a waiter at the bar, but she was never paid.
The man started working as a maid at the hospital when she was 22.
The man started working as a nurse on the East Coast, and was soon taking care of a few patients.
The man started working as a waitress at a cafe, but her main job is to carry out deliveries and to carry out the order, but they're not really her main business..
The man started working as a maid when she was 18, at the age of 10, and in her teens worked as a nurse, an aide and a janitor.
The man started working as a waitress at a restaurant the next day..
The man started working as a waitress in the mid-1990s, but she was working as an administrative assistant for an insurance company, so the woman knew how to get paid in advance..
The man started working as a maid when she was 21.
The man started working as a waitress at the restaurant the night of the shootings and was then fired..
